Timothy Sackton: Just wonderfully making sure we're all on you know recap everything that was happening in darby so I was planning on starting basically as you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): board.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ship a we didn't do my our architecture tour.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that can be maybe I don't know if there's any to do.
Timothy Sackton: that's why I just want to circle back so the your last day in darby the day that you depart right.
Timothy Sackton: So kenzo and well and Dallas spend most of their time.
Timothy Sackton: Selling stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And there was the side quests that you passed on.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's never too late.
Timothy Sackton: never too late, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Most would probably beat you to charter that case so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Basic like complicated.
Timothy Sackton: But it's never too late.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I liked I liked how the new side quite like this is always getting the giants eyes back it's always been to me inside quest so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's embrace that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah so seeker got a brief.
Timothy Sackton: Architecture tour.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, you know learning a bit about the history of DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: You know the different the different ages of building right, so it was originally a drink Korean Ford and that's the oldest the Florida south is the oldest part of the city and then you know the walls were soon after.
Timothy Sackton: But a lot of them, but there's a lot of new construction so and vonda i'll read peak who is giving you the tour is a mason is.
Timothy Sackton: In the midst of constructing this big big expansion of the.
Timothy Sackton: large central market so there's a lot of two arms and he is very excited to sort of show off all the like fancy new architectural innovations that are being put into this.
Timothy Sackton: But I didn't do a deep Wikipedia dive about structural engineering, so I don't have I can't tell you what does innovations were.
Timothy Sackton: Talking.
Timothy Sackton: But you get a sense of the history right, so I mean if that ever becomes relevant you can assume you know what.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: And then you all meet up.
Timothy Sackton: Now pretty rich after having sold a bunch of treasure.
Timothy Sackton: And i'm.
Timothy Sackton: About ready to set sail.
Timothy Sackton: On the halfway ship the Emerald song.
Timothy Sackton: Which is your ride to chart.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you finish your tasks that are back and.
Timothy Sackton: come to the meet together again at the harbor as the afternoon rains clear and the sun emergence.
Timothy Sackton: From the clouds are greeted at the dock by a young hassling woman, probably, you know older well be with curly blonde hair bleached by the sun and face wrinkled and tan by the wind of the open ocean.
Timothy Sackton: dressed in bright, Greens and yellows.
Timothy Sackton: She has just finished loading, the last of the cargo that the ship has taken on here and dharma as well as the other two passengers but half lanes and motions for you, for the five of you to hurry and she glances with each of you and.
Timothy Sackton: As we are now leaving done mark for the first time I think now would be a good time to have you each describe your character as you board the ship so First let me describe the ship briefly, so the ship is a.
Timothy Sackton: Three masted maybe 70 foot long.
Timothy Sackton: sailing ship crude entirely by halfway so that everything is looks looks tightly packed to your eyes.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the rigging is all.
Timothy Sackton: close together the the.
Timothy Sackton: deck seems cramped, to a large to a big person not so much of the dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: it's got a long lines narrow but de Paula swift designed with that well the sales are mostly for old now.
Timothy Sackton: got it has these huge for nap sales that go for an APP that let it sail close to the wind and so.
Timothy Sackton: With the monsoon wins in this season right you you're saying essentially against the wind, to get to chairman.
Timothy Sackton: And so, as she wears you onto the deck.
Timothy Sackton: let's describe let's have everybody describe your character.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Enzo is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wearing a long tattered.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Green dark very, very dark for spring robe and a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Long good that with a deep good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: long dark hair that's now you know, probably if you had it when we need when it's all kind of out it's like kind of down to his shoulders now it's been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Growing hasn't had a proper time to go get a haircut doesn't really carry with so it's kind of swept and tie back into a little bit of a not pulled back and in his hair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: porter staff strong on his back and then you know, is using as a walking stick this the piece of the piece of wood that he got from the tree and okra which is you know normal than long and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has kind of a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: presence about it for a piece of wood, which is kind of a strange thing but it's noticeable and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, as he boards, the ship he kind of looks out at the ocean and looks back at DARPA and contemplates both leaving donmar for the first time in many years now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also boarding a ship that's going back to the one place that he hates more than any place it has a very complicated relationship with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, good and bad at charting so he's just kind of processing all of those emotions around both leaving and returning and leaving again.
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets is not exactly graceful se clambers up the gangplank.
Eric Rosenbaum: wearing a pack that's approximately equal and volume to his.
Eric Rosenbaum: Entire body he's he's got a.
Eric Rosenbaum: dark Gray and traveling robe with with red accents at the cuffs and mining and a huge flowing red beard carefully not have been graded.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in addition to the to the pack he's it, it strikes me that maybe someone said should suggest he could consolidate his various apparatus and items a little better because he's covered with things strapped to him, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: kits of tools and parts and scrolls and.
Eric Rosenbaum: knickknacks of various kinds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Multiple pairs of goggles and glass bottles and toys and.
Eric Rosenbaum: chief among these of course strapped to the top of the pack being a carefully rolled up ladder which, if you didn't know better, you might think he was occasionally conferring with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of our fears just warriors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course.
Kate: Looking more like appear as far as the other darkening the party who.
Kate: hey hair is neatly braided to keep it out of her way to combat should arise, and whose Armor is well maintained and.
Kate: You know it's a metal links all well oiled and tight, as she takes good care of.
Kate: Her Armor she's carrying her.
Kate: Her weapons strapped for for an easy grab even though she's getting on what should be a peaceful ship to.
Kate: Each one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): walking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Up to the ship.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dwarfed by then nine foot tall xp.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Was silly following behind, although not super happy about all the water and see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): he's three feet tall wearing well worn studied leather Armor breastplate shoulder pads.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Heavy leather bracers almost completely covering the forearm with the Hilton of shorts hurts sticking up over one shoulder in a quiver of arrows on the head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be found time together a haircut in towns was got close crowd tear again and picked up a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): New hat to replace the long lost hat on the eastern frontier of Denmark, this broad broad and wide hat, like the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just gonna say, like the done Mari herders where'd he sent off from summer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And with a strange mix of emotions on his face is this is first time back like on a half link boat in six months and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Finding himself not exactly been the same person he was the last time he stepped foot.
Timothy Sackton: hasn't been like a year.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah that's right.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's now it's now like it now August right.
Timothy Sackton: Time is passing.
Mike Sackton: So dealt with is.
Mike Sackton: About almost six feet tall with.
Mike Sackton: silver relatively short silvery hair sort of a.
Mike Sackton: dark copper almost colored skin like what looks.
Mike Sackton: Well, Tan could could could pass for human but but.
Mike Sackton: He has an elegance and sort of grace to him and a presence like you can just.
Mike Sackton: there's a there's sort of.
Mike Sackton: If he's if he's not with if he doesn't have this good up and is not hiding himself behind his cloak kind of draws the eye.
Mike Sackton: Just with a certain degree of.
Mike Sackton: Just a presence in the room.
Mike Sackton: Has golden eyes.
Mike Sackton: which look he has a look of.
Mike Sackton: purpose.
Mike Sackton: Like there's.
Mike Sackton: Like he's moving towards something that has meaning in a way that he hasn't had when you first met him.
Mike Sackton: Right now, with used to seem.
Mike Sackton: almost lost like he wasn't sure where he was not lost and confused but but lost in the sense of.
Mike Sackton: What is what is he doing, and he seems.
Mike Sackton: It seems more together more purposeful more.
Mike Sackton: In place he's wearing a white dark cloak.
Mike Sackton: A well made.
Mike Sackton: Based material and under his clothes on his back is a silver silver shield.
Mike Sackton: elaborately worked with a running horse design clearly done Mari.
Mike Sackton: And then you can see just under his cloak the outlines of a.
Mike Sackton: Armor but he carries no weapons and no other gear.
Mike Sackton: No visible gear, at least.
Mike Sackton: Other than a.
Mike Sackton: Well, made whether belt, with a small number of pouches hanging on it.
Mike Sackton: yeah and he has a silver ring on one finger but otherwise known.
Mike Sackton: As he walks walks up the ship just sort of.
Mike Sackton: walking.
Mike Sackton: ready for a journey.
Mike Sackton: Of course, as an aside we're all actually invisible coming onto the boat.
Mike Sackton: except perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right lily and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter to you'd probably be smart to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's multiple trips can affect creatures.
Timothy Sackton: You can certainly target backs I don't think it's limited to humanoids.
Mike Sackton: A creature you touch.
Timothy Sackton: But only you can only target three.
Mike Sackton: I only do three at a time.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I guess.
Mike Sackton: But it doesn't have to be me, so I can touch baxter.
Mike Sackton: kenzo and resin, for example, who can go onto the boat get settled, and that I could do me and secret.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um is dealt with sense of purpose, because we're getting closer to the the origins of your of your spirit shadow realm.
Mike Sackton: it's it's partly because he never he has this feeling of because he knows.
Mike Sackton: Where that is but also it's just he feels like there's.
Mike Sackton: Something to do like.
Mike Sackton: understanding this some of the evils in the world and that the but he's convinced that his purposes to become a hero and prevent the second right, the rise of Sherman from happening again right like not so much per se but.
Mike Sackton: But he really believes in in the sort of power of the great man theory of history and he doesn't necessarily not necessarily.
Mike Sackton: So arrogant to assume, he is in fact the great man, but he feels like he's part of a group of people on a journey that will least influence.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: course of history.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So very modest small ego.
Mike Sackton: Well, it.
Mike Sackton: doesn't.
Mike Sackton: It is a sort of collaborative communal sense more than he's not like.
Mike Sackton: I am going to become the movie.
Mike Sackton: he's not like.
Timothy Sackton: I have this other.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, but it sounds like we are going to build the sector of command and right into chart in with an army and our backs and save, save, save tell God.
Mike Sackton: So basically.
Mike Sackton: I mean you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know I know K just stepped away, but I also was curious on the response have a beard did like dwarves do female dwarfs also have beards.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a point of contention, I think.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's there's no cannon either way on this topic so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay it's not the case and the key and secret look.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like related but dwarves like okay kids back yeah.
Kate: Like don't beard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No beer okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what color hair like hot like i'm just trying to like visually map, you know seeker and and risk when like how similar different DoubleClick.
Kate: Oh, I think, red hair is fairly common indoors no it's not like we're actually related but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, so you both have red hair and and is your your brain it's like is it like dreads like lots of little British would like to be raids like what's the what's the bridge.
Kate: tuition well, sometimes I don't it's more like more like dreads like just enough to keep the hair back firmly, for you know, combat situations.
Kate: Like several braids.
Kate: But not like loose braids like French braids.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And secret has a beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: A huge braided nodded like very.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice decoratively arranged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beard is it messy or is it like well kept.
Eric Rosenbaum: carefully by contrast to like the rest of his appearance, it is Nicholas a parent for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other like weird objects embedded in it to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not in my beard no okay that's an interesting thought okay americanized the beard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh one other thing about kensal actually you know so 10 so again as yet it's not something that you really see regularly, but just as a reminder, you know he does have those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: taillight scars, at least on his arms twitchy you saw him reveal that one time, and you do catch, like every now and again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the signs that there may be is some body art on him actually like over the course of the six months that we've all been together like that may be new or that maybe you didn't notice before or if you're being really perceptive maybe it is new.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just a little little aside there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's interesting the different tangent that we have not seen each.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would probably kind of have right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean it depends on how private people are right, like.
Mike Sackton: I mean, in a historic historic exciting group of people traveling together with almost don't.
Mike Sackton: see each other at least mostly naked for bathing or whatever it.
Eric Rosenbaum: is assuming bathing.
Mike Sackton: happens, but also depends a lot, I mean there's only one human who knows what do are like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): breathing habits of the different what.
Mike Sackton: Is that like Dallas I sort of imagine is fairly meticulously clean keep you know, is it would be.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The dervish ritual the annual bass.
Timothy Sackton: I get the sense reserved might be a little bit more.
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
yeah.
Kate: Heidi, yes, but you know there's so much flustered here, then in the mind so.
Timothy Sackton: True.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): smell bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: not bad word standards.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then yeah I guess I guess you've probably seen 10s and a good at some point if Kansas probably like in the middle, like clean, but like not like you know God with clean, but also not gorgeous story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right and he'll do like callous you know at dawn be running around doing calisthenics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah i'll definitely do like a lot of meditation he he meditates a lot less sit at you know sun sunrise sunset and possible there's nothing else if we're not like dying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're refining something, then it will take time to to be to be peaceful and but but he'll do that generally cloud though so anyways if you're paying attention you'll notice that he's basically have like a little bit of new body art that as as appeared after each one of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: initiations that he's gone through.
hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, as you sneak your way onto the ship.
Timothy Sackton: Danny the happening woman gets you settle below decks there's not much privacy on this ship, especially for big folk there's there are a couple cabins for travelers but they're.
Timothy Sackton: designed for half lanes so.
Timothy Sackton: At least dealt with and and.
Timothy Sackton: So cannot really fit in the main deck below you know the the main the main deck has you know hammocks and stuffing is tall enough that you can at least walk around without you know with your head.
Timothy Sackton: bed slightly and there's a little bit more space in like the mess hall and stuff but basically you're you know you're sleeping on hammocks among the crew right you don't really have a private room or anything.
Timothy Sackton: You know just to keep in mind in case you want to remove anything from the portable hole.
Timothy Sackton: But as you get settled.
Timothy Sackton: You know, still your gear all that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: Emerald song set sail leaving DARPA and done there behind i'm leaving Dunbar for the first time since you all met each other.
Timothy Sackton: The ship starts creeping slowly out of the harbor on the tide the light wind caught by these two triangles large triangular sales.
Timothy Sackton: You know, after the buffalo leaving part and everything um you know your for a moment, it almost feels as if your book calm your does that.
Timothy Sackton: Point where you drift off the docks but haven't really you know the sales are still for old but, as you reach open water.
Timothy Sackton: here from the deck above you.
Timothy Sackton: The half links bursting into song.
Timothy Sackton: and calling on the rigging, as more and more canvas spreads across the mass.
Timothy Sackton: For a moment as the happening shanty continues and the crew bustles around the south hang limb, but then suddenly the wind catches in the beginning to pick up speed.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Surprisingly, soon you're rushing across the water.
Timothy Sackton: Under full sail with the setting sun turns to spray.
Timothy Sackton: hospital about to go racing across the neverland see.
Timothy Sackton: fading behind you will surprising speed.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: As you get settled on the ship flies over the runner Danny comes to find you introduced us to you know says.
Timothy Sackton: tells you that she is the quartermaster and one of the traders on the ship and that now that it's underway.
Timothy Sackton: The deck rocking gently with the ways to sell snapping and the wind.
Timothy Sackton: um you know she says, once you settle come join us will be huge and food and music scene, and you can meet the other passengers and some of the crew, I am.
Timothy Sackton: There is quite a lot of curiosity about you on the ship.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're willing to come and dine we certainly welcome at.
Timothy Sackton: And she leaves he then.
Timothy Sackton: Not with complete privacy, but you know.
Timothy Sackton: Most people are pretty busy at this point bustling around and so you're not.
Timothy Sackton: you're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so good.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: you're not in like there's no one sitting right next to you, with your mobile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many total beings are there on this ship.
Timothy Sackton: Like 30 ish 35 maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a substantial ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how many are crew and how many are passengers.
Timothy Sackton: Almost.
Timothy Sackton: there's only.
Kate: Two other notes there half links yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cuz you paid we.
Mike Sackton: Paid extra to ensure it.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: There already booked to happen.
Timothy Sackton: Paid X job, not to book any other passengers.
Timothy Sackton: This is primarily a passenger ship right it's it's a their their.
Timothy Sackton: main cargo is to from my heart.
Timothy Sackton: But they pick you know they stopped at DARPA to resupply pick up passengers.
Timothy Sackton: take on some stocks have.
Timothy Sackton: To URBAN.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know.
Timothy Sackton: objects that are basically like like door oven craft basically you know relatively small high value statements that they can sell in charge.
Timothy Sackton: But the whole world is full of cheap right, this is, you know all right, this is a merchant ship first.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Kate: How long has it been since I talked to marcella.
Timothy Sackton: That is a big question where's my timeline.
Timothy Sackton: You talk to marcella.
Timothy Sackton: You talked to my fellow almost 24 hours ago.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe like 22 hours.
ago.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: doubtful find a spot, so we have like do we have to what's like do we have just a.
Mike Sackton: Small people have like a cabin or two captains.
Mike Sackton: let's just sort of.
Timothy Sackton: There are, there are two passenger cabins one is occupied by the other two passengers right one is one is empty, but any of you who are under four feet or under would be welcome to take it.
Timothy Sackton: But the cabins are built smaller size.
Timothy Sackton: You can the ceilings are four feet.
Mike Sackton: Is there a.
Mike Sackton: place to sell goods like walkers like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Mike Sackton: Like we have like a.
Timothy Sackton: hammock and like a little area of the crew quarters has been set aside for you, you each have hammocks you've got a chest for each of you you've got like a little place to stay, you know you've got places to still gear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many of the little cabins are there.
Timothy Sackton: there's two CAP to small companies, one is occupied.
Eric Rosenbaum: I politely suggest to Brisbane that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might offer it to her.
Eric Rosenbaum: towards being.
Eric Rosenbaum: patriarchal.
Kate: I mean i've had been thinking strategically but it might be useful to utilize the cabin, for example, if someone in our party wanted to be rummaging through the hole or.
Kate: Sending secret messages by a thought to strangers.
Kate: I was just our land.
Mike Sackton: Since ways to stole my Armor and.
shield.
Eric Rosenbaum: And who knows you might be receiving such a message message result, and so I think it's sensible to have privacy for that purpose as well.
Timothy Sackton: I mean can be fair, the cabin is not like anybody who's on deck above the cabin can hear everything that's happening in the Cabinet right there isn't.
Kate: mean, this is not.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: sound like you're talking to somebody.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's but.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could infer there was someone there that she saw.
Mike Sackton: That I was gonna stole his stuff in the cabin assuming we're claiming it stop keep.
Mike Sackton: me going still carrying the portable whole just in a.
Mike Sackton: pocket basically.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A real quick telepathically so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean she she basically offered it to you well, they.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there are two cabins that are usually reserved for passengers so.
Timothy Sackton: They usually don't take I mean they're not really the ship isn't really designed to take human.
Timothy Sackton: You know just to take humans at all right.
Right.
Mike Sackton: So jealous then gonna go scout out the deck.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Mike Sackton: find a place that he's out of the way and can just watch.
Mike Sackton: Watch fishing for I also actually before does that i'm going to go find the bad cook and check out the galley and see if I can be of any assistance in preparing dinner you.
Timothy Sackton: cannot fit in the galley.
Mike Sackton: Oh well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah basically the I mean that the galley is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: let's see.
Timothy Sackton: So the cook like introduces herself her name's curl copper harp.
Timothy Sackton: she's like the main cook.
Timothy Sackton: woman in her mid 50s.
Timothy Sackton: And she kind of looks up at you, and just kind of laugh.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Some other time, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: She doesn't really look like she wants anybody in the gallery, with her right um.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah you can't really should you can comfortably fit inside, I mean this is this ship and clearly been optimized for.
Timothy Sackton: They can they can carry more cargo if.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is small.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was the name of the person running the ship again.
Timothy Sackton: Danny is the is the like trader quartermaster.
Timothy Sackton: You know the one who you've mostly she is the one you mostly interacted which is not the captain Captain is you know, on deck navigating them out of them yeah that's Captain in a navigator and mates and all stuff like that, but.
Timothy Sackton: Danny is sort of the one who deals with passengers and yeah deals with merchants, and things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah when the time is right kenzo kenza tries to strike strike up a conversation with her on deck and learner story you send you some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: connections.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is sprawled out on the deck alton between contemplating the horizon.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the beautiful ocean and thoughtfully scribbling notes in a notebook and.
Eric Rosenbaum: tumbling a stone cube.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baxter making sure that he's well but also doing his best to introduce him to all the crew who come by and like reassure them that he's not gonna.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like a person with a very dangerous pet who wants you to be friends with it.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Kate: Like a person with a very dangerous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): person with.
Timothy Sackton: So you you all sort of go off your separate ways to you know, on the deck of the ship it's it's probably two hours before sunset right so it's like three in the afternoon or something.
Timothy Sackton: You know now that the that the sales are up in the ship has caught the wind.
Timothy Sackton: Though you know the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the.
Timothy Sackton: you're heading, basically, you know almost do North at this point along the coast, but sort of cutting cutting a bit away right from the coast is rocky here and there's lots of shows that you're sort of turning out.
Timothy Sackton: and moving quickly like under full sail has shifted.
Timothy Sackton: The you know it's not the fastest ship ever right but it's it's pretty.
Timothy Sackton: Good so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Danny is that you know at the moment she's like bustling around like out, you know getting things stone, helping to deal with stuff doesn't really have much time to talk, but did invite you all down to the mess Hall for dinner so.
Timothy Sackton: have a chance to talk.
Timothy Sackton: Then, if you want to join them for dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Soon, at this point in visibility has more an offer been dropped.
A.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: You know, over the course of the next couple hours as you start to.
Timothy Sackton: watch the horizon, introduce everybody to baxter you know.
Timothy Sackton: sit and fiddle with days basically do your do your thing.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're probably going.
Timothy Sackton: Five six miles an hour at this point.
Timothy Sackton: So DARPA is out of sight, by the time the sun begins to sat in fact the coast is out of sight now by the time the sun begins to satin for.
Timothy Sackton: Probably all of you, except for welby, this is the only time.
Timothy Sackton: The first time you've ever been out of sight land.
Timothy Sackton: So just blue water all around it's it's not you know not super wavy not super windy.
Timothy Sackton: and warm nice like it's.
Timothy Sackton: very pleasant at the deck.
Timothy Sackton: So anything else you want to do before dinner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: penza takes his free time and continues to work on carving and literally Oh, and then occasionally just because it's first time really out in the ocean well kind of like like how big is the boat again like if you wanted to kind of run from like and then.
Timothy Sackton: Like 70 feet long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he'll practice just kind of doing some light, this is to show you I really like trying to keep a low cover with these guys, or is it not, I mean they already sauce like invisible on the boat and now they're not united mean so it's like cells right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah in that case, then kenzo like practices like running up and down the edge of the boat like as it's like crashing you know just like kind of working on his balance and trying to like do that so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The alternates between marketing and willing, as would and then like literally just like Hannah you're getting ready for his level nine walk on water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know kind of just like run up and down like the yet to the boat kind of disappear I edge and then like flip himself back over and like oh my God did he die now he's right there so he's just kind of getting comfortable with running around on the boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: anchors watching keeps waiting for a splash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never.
Timothy Sackton: Know i'll be 10 sounds pretty good at this.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the happenings I sort of abused watching the two right they're all pretty busy.
Timothy Sackton: Getting that.
Timothy Sackton: Getting everything on the way, like.
Timothy Sackton: You know tidying the rigging, you know, making sure, everything is properly stowed and ship shape and everything so.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, people are watching.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now kenzo i've heard tell if.
Eric Rosenbaum: sea creatures that frolic in the water, the size of men.
Eric Rosenbaum: They play in the bow wave wonderful see the answers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I haven't heard about that, but sounds pretty cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: color has dolphins right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Kate: Why not.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you have a moment before dinner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where the five of us sort of end up together will be a safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it's been eat me oh this afternoon i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thinking of something I haven't thought about a lot of time to bring you dummies tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eyes of the storm giant we're missing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the results of something that have been on the crown of his head that had been taken away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah something had been removed from around the Crown on its head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I just.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think that hit me today is that that could have been circling sized, we know that one of these items of powers, the circuit of foretelling.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We do for was i'm pretty sure it was imprisoned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hundred years before the fall of drink court.
struck me today.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't a circular.
Timothy Sackton: thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, not one of the items.
Mike Sackton: yeah wait that's something I dealt with makeup right.
Mike Sackton: The secular foretelling was the thing.
Timothy Sackton: That was a story that.
Mike Sackton: Is a story about an artifact That said, to be able to it could be important, but but, but I did make it up, it wasn't part of tips plot.
So sector.
Mike Sackton: don't even know if the circular foretelling his real, but it was a story about one of the one of the artifacts That said, to let you see the future.
Mike Sackton: could be.
Mike Sackton: could be real.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Stories for us then maybe that.
Kate: could be another thing that ended up with a giant.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no doubt there's other powerful circuits.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the world yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No doubt, at least, there was.
Kate: A decorative circuit.
Kate: the sake of art.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you raise an interesting point well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who, who knows what our journey and friends might have made off.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully we'll find some answers.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Kate: In order to have something to keep her hands busy well.
Kate: Knowing that there was a voyage upcoming.
Kate: respond had also.
Kate: bargained for some.
Kate: Broken antiquities from Finland Silverstone went to talk to him, so that he would have some things to repair and tinker with while she was.
Kate: You know, on a voyage.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers endlessly curious about these things.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the sun sets.
Timothy Sackton: You head down to dinner.
Timothy Sackton: There is a small group that has gathered sort of with the.
Timothy Sackton: Captain.
Timothy Sackton: So there's there's the captain is a.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe late middle aged tackling tall for a half laying all of brands in curly white hair almost as tall as dwarves right silver eyes wearing sort of drab clothes and not very talkative.
Timothy Sackton: Danny is there the younger woman.
Timothy Sackton: bright close.
Timothy Sackton: curly hair.
Timothy Sackton: You know bleached blonde hair and then there are.
Timothy Sackton: There are two half flings sitting together look they look like they are together.
Timothy Sackton: These are the other two passengers.
Timothy Sackton: One is.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, looks like he's wearing Armor does a man and a woman, does the man looks like he's armored.
Timothy Sackton: wearing like well worn.
Timothy Sackton: Well oiled leather Armor.
Timothy Sackton: traveling clothes.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of Green hood cloak well you know pushed back for dinner right, but you know looks like he's still add some.
Timothy Sackton: Some dirt and then sort of where from the road on him.
Timothy Sackton: The woman is is maybe a few years older than him.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: You know, wearing a fairly plain dress but she is sitting as she's having a quiet conversation sort of as people are gathering and and in her hand she's holding.
Timothy Sackton: Like a stem a branch.
Timothy Sackton: and actually holds it like you can see there's like little white flowers that start to bloom along the branch.
Timothy Sackton: And then she's like putting it in a vase and she's taking another branch and just holding it and little flowers are starting to believe he or she.
Timothy Sackton: is doing this, ideally like she's almost not really paying attention.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like real time she's touching branches and the flowers are blooming.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw said her.
Mike Sackton: Mother passenger.
Timothy Sackton: She is one of the two other passengers yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Kate: A manager traveler warrior guy and flower branch girl.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And then there is.
Timothy Sackton: An older an older man.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 100 definitely on the old side um.
Timothy Sackton: And he seemed sort of sitting in a corner.
Timothy Sackton: You know kind of dozing a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for for food and for.
Timothy Sackton: conversation.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's a.
Timothy Sackton: Another happening man.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe in his late 40s.
Timothy Sackton: kind of.
Timothy Sackton: somber sunburn look wearing dark clothes.
Timothy Sackton: And as you all come in so there's you know 1234 there's six of them sitting there i'm in the five of us that's something of a crowd.
Timothy Sackton: Danny sort of waves you over and says come come said in introduces everybody kind of quickly like.
Timothy Sackton: harrell UN.
Timothy Sackton: Lyle our other two travelers are and she's not like she's just like sort of pointing quickly it's hard to keep track of what name goes with what person.
Timothy Sackton: says, are there to travelers i'm JASMINE sun model son meadow she points to the woman who's making flowers bloom and Oswald tea leaf she points to the traveler.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: joined us in darby.
Timothy Sackton: Recently, married and off to see the world.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you have some advice or stories for them.
Timothy Sackton: And I.
Timothy Sackton: have to ask.
Timothy Sackton: it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Common that people board our ship invisibly.
Timothy Sackton: Now that we're out of sight of land and safety to see maybe you care to.
Timothy Sackton: share what you're hiding from.
Mike Sackton: um no.
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: We certainly won't don't want to attract more attention than we need.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We want to get to charleston before news of are going to charge us to charge.
Mike Sackton: danger we are not bring to you.
Mike Sackton: The last you know, probably the better.
Timothy Sackton: saw very mysterious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well let's put it this way and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard much of what's happened in Denmark over the past number of months.
Timothy Sackton: At all there's been some rumors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what what have you heard.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: resurrected Queen and the East.
Timothy Sackton: backing the dead to cause trouble.
Timothy Sackton: that's the talent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything else.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else, well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's always stories.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's always tells us strange things coming out of the jungle, to the south.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody claiming they had just come back from fighting off a horde of zombies on the River shroud.
Timothy Sackton: seems plausible.
Timothy Sackton: Nine chernoff is always.
fortifying.
Timothy Sackton: defenses to the south.
Timothy Sackton: There was some.
Timothy Sackton: Other stories have I heard and and JASMINE son man.
Timothy Sackton: And the woman and the flowers looks up in.
Timothy Sackton: Oh well.
Timothy Sackton: there's all sorts of cows that the green leaf might.
Timothy Sackton: Stop by to visit my parents, when I was.
Timothy Sackton: When we were in town and.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly there's.
Timothy Sackton: Some which was killed near out in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: And I great heart of magic.
Timothy Sackton: recovered.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wasn't that great.
Kate: mean the rumors are worse than sure.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: hell of.
Timothy Sackton: A band of wild beasts that.
Timothy Sackton: drove.
Timothy Sackton: The villagers of.
Timothy Sackton: The East I forget the name.
Kerala.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Timothy Sackton: drove off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was us too, so I think just just just to say you know your your.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's it's not every day that you'll run into a party with you know athlete and a couple dwarves and all that done Mari and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That everything that you said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think rings true perfectly to what unfolded, but we were involved in a number of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stories you described and so on, you may.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hear more about us as time goes on, and so, if you can imagine that we were involved in even one of those details that you told.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There may be some undue attention that may be coming our way, hence our discretion and our great appreciation for you our maintenance of that discretion as we traveled charted.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll tell you the whole story on the same as it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was happening having to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: And rest easy baxter or xp has no secrets.
Timothy Sackton: Oswald looks over at.
Timothy Sackton: At at JASMINE and says.
Timothy Sackton: The witch.
Timothy Sackton: And looks over at you, and says.
Timothy Sackton: You were involved in this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do you.
Which.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, did you say Garrett.
Timothy Sackton: Garrett.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah the freedom should take no prisoners.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): turned half his body.
Timothy Sackton: he's alive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You took her Leslie some weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: This is indeed.
Timothy Sackton: Unexpected last thing.
Timothy Sackton: Any.
Timothy Sackton: He was not the only one who.
Timothy Sackton: died in that.
Timothy Sackton: attack.
Timothy Sackton: Any were there any others.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which is not.
Mike Sackton: Do it, he was the only one who did not die.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Which captured him and turn them into her living scared.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no.
Timothy Sackton: looks over at that JASMINE and kind of squeezes her hand and she's kind of gives it when encouraging book and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Some years ago, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, eight years ago.
Timothy Sackton: I was still.
Timothy Sackton: Barely out of my boy has done.
Timothy Sackton: Are our family.
Timothy Sackton: traveling past.
Timothy Sackton: The lands near the village of bass EDA out east.
Timothy Sackton: And oops.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, to keep the sailing background.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why she attacked us somebody.
Timothy Sackton: must have angered her we got to close to something.
Timothy Sackton: cousin of mine.
Timothy Sackton: And, and my uncle and his brother.
Timothy Sackton: pay.
Timothy Sackton: stood up to her, along with a few others.
Timothy Sackton: Then we fled, we ran.
Timothy Sackton: I thought they all died.
Timothy Sackton: five of them who how they're off well the rest of us start to get away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did you see her then writing on the fly.
Timothy Sackton: She was not writing a fly she came swooping down on a massive.
Timothy Sackton: Black vulture.
Timothy Sackton: She.
Timothy Sackton: She threatened us.
Timothy Sackton: And then she leapt off this.
Timothy Sackton: Bird of sorts and took something out of her pocket in.
Timothy Sackton: right away, it and this cloud of insects appeared.
Timothy Sackton: started fighting and snapping and hissing it everybody.
Timothy Sackton: I saw my uncle fallen Garrett.
Timothy Sackton: stagger back trying to run.
Timothy Sackton: And I just remember him yelling at me and yelling at all of us.
Mike Sackton: just that.
Mike Sackton: you're contradicting our vision but that's Okay, I assume you don't mean to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yes right I forgot she was on the fly there.
Timothy Sackton: wow she was like well say.
Timothy Sackton: Change the story.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: We ran.
Timothy Sackton: And some.
Timothy Sackton: goes to spirit ran after us.
Timothy Sackton: it's all a blur I don't.
Timothy Sackton: Really remember how we got away.
Timothy Sackton: I thought Garrett, must be dead.
Timothy Sackton: But we could hear her.
Timothy Sackton: yelling at us.
Timothy Sackton: As we ran you.
Timothy Sackton: I will give them back to you if you never come East for 15 years time I think she just didn't like trespassers maybe we got to close.
Timothy Sackton: We turned we never.
Timothy Sackton: When you have to craft that.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe pick up the bow.
Timothy Sackton: start learning to shoot.
Timothy Sackton: I can't imagine facing her down or that fly in those ghosts that she could control.
Timothy Sackton: And those insects and.
Timothy Sackton: And you say you killed her.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: That is something else.
Kate: i've only heard the town myself I missed that encounter.
Kate: But yes, my friend speak truly.
Timothy Sackton: bring out Sunday.
Timothy Sackton: And you say he's in.
Timothy Sackton: Tokyo.
Timothy Sackton: looks over it JASMINE maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Should we go back.
Timothy Sackton: She says she sort of looks back over him.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: No you're you're family will find him if he comes this way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you don't mind me asking what's your relation to each other and your relationship to Garrett.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, often.
we're.
Timothy Sackton: we're we're recently married JASMINE says.
Timothy Sackton: Oswald.
Timothy Sackton: garrett's cousin.
Timothy Sackton: A few generations removed.
Timothy Sackton: Were.
Timothy Sackton: setting out to.
Timothy Sackton: seek adventure in the world, I.
Timothy Sackton: grew up in the.
Timothy Sackton: Green leaf in here and.
Timothy Sackton: always been able to.
Timothy Sackton: sense the weather feel the natural world around me make flowers bloom and she.
Timothy Sackton: picks up white flour or white, or like a green but off this office branch that she's holding and she called it for a moment and it just blooms into this flower.
Timothy Sackton: She hands it and she sticks it in.
Timothy Sackton: Behind well easier.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonderful trick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I think it's more than a trick that's to my soul cider again are so what what uh.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean she's definitely she's got some magic to her.
Timothy Sackton: she's she's impressed she's you know cheerful and impressed, and like clearly.
Timothy Sackton: You know, has some sort of magical ability swirling around her.
Timothy Sackton: Mother pretty strong he's like Level one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are on the flower thing that's like not a smell that's like some kind of natural ability, she has.
Timothy Sackton: No it's a can trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a can trick okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And she has some kind of weather since to tell it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Oh, then the flowers are not real.
Timothy Sackton: The flowers are they're real.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're real oh cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Until I was going to show them Okay, so I was drawing let me show you guys real quick and you can we can be to this later, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I was drawing some some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, what are the thinking that's.
awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mishima for the awakened soul could be like a son maka for like history and time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: could be like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excuse to try and goals like either to like mountains or like an hourglass and then for your dreams vision on so these could be potentially like each of those little tattoos that that kids are half.
Timothy Sackton: awesome I love that love that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um so yeah So if you like, the you like them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, then you know kenzo can kind of will will kind of reveal the like you know he's got basically right here, but the sun that's the symbol of the schema and, like the awakened soul and so you know he he she she reveals that to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To what's her name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: JASMINE.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you reveal that to JASMINE and and also often says, you know I am I not too long ago I lost my picture.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I not long ago I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: joined the order of awakened soul, you may have heard of the schema and one of the one of the mardi gras.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of my work within the order is to learn the stories of the people of the land and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're the first couple that i've spoken with but I I love to hear more about how you met and fell in love.
Timothy Sackton: Are we.
Timothy Sackton: We met at the end.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're all good things again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I this is JESSICA speaking.
Timothy Sackton: I like to wander.
Timothy Sackton: Look, for plants look for flowers.
Timothy Sackton: And the chilies came through every.
Timothy Sackton: year so.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: was wrong.
Timothy Sackton: I think he liked to wander too, and also kind of looks like yeah I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there Catholics that don't like to wonder, as well as looking at, like all the athletes like.
Timothy Sackton: But jasmine's like I mean my parents have.
Timothy Sackton: been at the green leaf for.
Timothy Sackton: 50 years now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly Wanderers although.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: it's all the same story.
Timothy Sackton: You go on a journey or a stranger comes into town.
Timothy Sackton: it's just two sides to the same tale.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You parents didn't give you a hard time about those after adventure, it took me three years of telling them this before they finally grudgingly, let me leave as if I was dying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe things are different by the Green see.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean.
Timothy Sackton: They knew I was not destined to be an innkeeper.
Timothy Sackton: I will be honest, we did.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where I will take us.
Timothy Sackton: And Oswald kind of looks over.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Who knows, once we get to the chart and and and start to wonder what direction.
Timothy Sackton: The road might be where our footsteps might.
Timothy Sackton: might go and JASMINE is like I don't you know.
Timothy Sackton: I don't I didn't live, but I think my parents just kind of assumed by travel we meant.
Timothy Sackton: So on a ship.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe go up to catch you know.
Timothy Sackton: Both from chart and up to bar and then back.
Timothy Sackton: around for a few years that's pretty.
Timothy Sackton: To a typical.
Timothy Sackton: will send them messages, though Hello joss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so.
Timothy Sackton: Only so much longer, I could spend in one place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so it takes out get an old Poles like reaches back you know and and pulls out like a long beautiful piece of wood that he brought from from coca and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're kind of is it like kind of sunset or are we outside or the inside right now.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're inside you're in the.
Timothy Sackton: you're in the like mess Hall, which is at the back of the boat but there's windows, so you can see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay Okay, is it like is it like is it like a beautiful moment, right now, or is it kind of just like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know it's like okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Clear calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: All right, I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think into the sky okay beautiful beautiful then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah then 10 pencil will go and reach and pull out a lot this beautiful piece of this beautiful piece of wood on and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says to JASMINE.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know this is a very special.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: branch it came from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Living tree in Tokyo and it's an ancient Sri from the Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of town town is built actually around tree and it's not often that the tree will provide its branches, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: blessed and grace with this, this would that i'm learning how to shape and carb and I wonder if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Both now, but also on the rest of our journey, I see your your gifts working with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the plants and with the living world, I wonder if you might offer a blessing to this would ends up kind of holds it out in front of her.
Timothy Sackton: Man I just sort of REACH and score.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would be an honor so kind of us over and.
Timothy Sackton: I have, I have heard of this tree.
Timothy Sackton: nothing but it's stories of its existence.
Timothy Sackton: She else so old.
Timothy Sackton: older than anything else i've ever.
Timothy Sackton: touched her seat scene.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will do it TIM, how do you believe the country to be.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if it really is a remnant of the album for us it's like a few thousand years old.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Many stories here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can send stories and.
Timothy Sackton: I have not i'm not strong enough to hear them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you know if anyone who would be.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You will be pretty one day, you will be one day.
Timothy Sackton: One day perhaps yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is JASMINE JASMINE and also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every their late 20s.
Timothy Sackton: Like in their 20s yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like in handling years there's like hassling years and then like you know mapping on our you know they're like early 20th like an hour.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they're like late teens early 20s and, like in the sort of like stage that they are is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But halfway years how old happens live to live like hundreds of years, like hundreds of years, or like what's happening to people I spent.
Timothy Sackton: Like a little bit longer than humans, but not a huge amount longer than humans like 100 is still fairly old and they rarely live past 130 or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But not worse.
Timothy Sackton: dwarves live for like 300 years something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How old are secret Christmas elder you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think secrets pretty young he's in his 30s or so.
Mike Sackton: So you're like a baby dwarf.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who in your 30s and human years but months or in your 30s and absolutely.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what door veneers would be but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think those are human years or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Human equivalent you're like in your 30s stage of life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so you're probably like seven eight or nine years or something.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think you're like I think we figured out you were like in your like mid 50s or something like that and working years.
Mike Sackton: You meet an actual just bit.
Timothy Sackton: People in actual.
Mike Sackton: Actual years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting how does, how does everybody actually can we say that real quick I forget like.
Timothy Sackton: seeker seeker according to the timeline that we wrote our next speaker is.
Timothy Sackton: 47.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry 37.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also baby.
Kate: 37 so baby door.
Timothy Sackton: So, like because remember the idea was soon after you like had this experience in your transition to adulthood.
Timothy Sackton: So he's like.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: yeah basically you know.
Timothy Sackton: Within within a few years of becoming an adult in the door URBAN.
Community.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, how old is a how old is.
Kate: Not that much older right TIM like I.
Kate: became an adult and like did apprenticeships and worked on mastering my.
Kate: stone divine tinkering magic stuff which is.
Timothy Sackton: So when we when we.
let's say.
Kate: dwarfing suck.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see but no it's I have puts you at like mid 60s.
Timothy Sackton: Right so like.
Timothy Sackton: Some amount of time.
Timothy Sackton: A decent amount of time as a as a.
Timothy Sackton: Minor and apprentice, but certainly not a.
Timothy Sackton: elder in any sense right still.
Timothy Sackton: Still, well before middle age.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And it was like 27 I think.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cuz you fled charting in your early 20s and we spent five years at the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it's kind of like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, these 26 of US aging rapidly over this last year.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we've all been aging.
Timothy Sackton: So well be is actually very close in age JASMINE and there may be a touch younger than him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or not oh oh wow okay.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Mid 20s is fairly.
Mike Sackton: Young right like you're not.
Mike Sackton: I guess it's about the same as a mid 20s.
Timothy Sackton: yeah have length.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe like 21 for handling is 18 for a human 25 is like 21 like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
Mike Sackton: You guys are all white.
Eric Rosenbaum: kids like pippin at the start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean I feel like like kenzo and while we have like a similar level of maturity like we're like pretty you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is how old is how it was done with how the elves live, they also have like hundreds of years, like.
Mike Sackton: yeah live.
Eric Rosenbaum: brightly 980 out.
Mike Sackton: else dealt with has about 120 if you don't count.
Mike Sackton: Depending on how you count the years.
Timothy Sackton: If you don't care when he was trapped if.
Mike Sackton: If you don't count the.
Mike Sackton: time he was trapped very unclear if time passed he doesn't really know right like did he ate I mean elvin aging is so they don't.
Mike Sackton: lie don't eat don't get physically frail until they're very old and conceptually they can live forever they don't die of old age, they just the older they get the more likely they are to just decide to like it, it takes more and more desire to stay in town to not go off to the elven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be like weird like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know other races that try to capture elves and experiment on them and I try to take their blood and shit like that you know I mean like shouldn't like Alvin blood be like some kind of like black market like commodity, you know for cheering stuff and let you know, like.
Kate: orange.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And another has like a notion of of the cure being in the blood, like the way the Egyptians, that the heart, was the seat of the soul, not of like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well that's i'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that there must be like hot goblins or even like weird human cults that like try to capture elves and experiment on them and shift to like get their divinity and stuff right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the downside of that would be the oils are incredibly powerful right.
Mike Sackton: I think the elders would would.
Mike Sackton: react.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were shorter calls.
Timothy Sackton: it's much harder to have.
Timothy Sackton: weird superstitions when you're like next door neighbor is just using magic to actually resurrect their friends.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Why.
Timothy Sackton: Why are you wasting your time with this weird superstition that doesn't really work when somebody next door is casting cure wounds and you're.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you know you're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like saying like you know Elvis like by nature, they can live forever like there must be somebody interested in like you know.
Mike Sackton: How the Fuck yeah.
Mike Sackton: You know, like some necromancer.
Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For like.
Mike Sackton: The secret for why elves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't exactly exactly that's what i'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be something bigger.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah there must be some like hyper like reductionist like you know fucking want to categorize every little fucking thing about ourselves understand like experiment on their body part.
Mike Sackton: I would think somebody who's like it's the elven soul they're like they're not doing not doing like the blood of the Elf right like it's like, how do you track their weird magic to track their soul and like figure out.
Mike Sackton: Their connection to their plane and like.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's probably where.
Timothy Sackton: Are in theory immortal right so dragons.
Timothy Sackton: Many fei don't seem to age right like I bet you a.
Timothy Sackton: lot of the people who go to the a while it's because they think they could find a cure too long, you know.
Timothy Sackton: You are too old age.
Mike Sackton: There are totally elves around somewhere on talker who have been alive, since the beginning of time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you got to find some of those traveler real focus the traveler, who was the was the travel or somebody was the travelers like rise dad right to be.
Mike Sackton: traveling.
Timothy Sackton: Though the travel travel or was it was the.
Mike Sackton: dragon right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right what's that was to lesion rise dad.
Timothy Sackton: collision was bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's the lesion also a dragon or is he just like a dude he's like.
Timothy Sackton: he's like an Allen key was just a dude.
Mike Sackton: That wasn't he, like he was, but he was like did he, like remember like a super old out right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's still alive.
Mike Sackton: kim's working in his notebook have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now we have to me now we have to meet like a super ancient else that was like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There for the beginning of time, what about your parents my parents or your players, so if you have any family is your family so alive.
Mike Sackton: Tell us has no idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this don't have a family, like a cell with have like you know, like.
Mike Sackton: So elves have these non overlapping generations i'll just live for hundreds and hundreds of years but they're only fertile from about 150 to 200.
Mike Sackton: So they have these like.
Mike Sackton: Precise.
Mike Sackton: On overlapping sets of generations everybody knows exactly what generation, you were born I calculated what generation that was like.
Mike Sackton: generation 38 or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're like you're like fucking confusions like that so yeah.
Mike Sackton: Basically yeah exactly.
Mike Sackton: So the elven family life you're much more connected to your age mates than your parents per se everybody in the same generation is like a big.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like seabirds or like anything that only ladies, at a certain time of year cicadas.
Mike Sackton: yeah so basically the cadence right it's the same idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait so, but you don't get this done with miss his like.
Kate: His food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah is brewed yeah like.
Mike Sackton: Like yeah I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about them dealt with those never seems to be like oh I miss my Alvin yeah.
Mike Sackton: he's kind of private about it right, like you probably would have heard him, I mean.
Mike Sackton: He is in particular concerned that he's missed any chance to ever have a family.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was.
Mike Sackton: trapped in.
Mike Sackton: This whole world right he doesn't actually know how old he is or what his biological state is right, like.
Mike Sackton: He still have kids he has no idea.
Mike Sackton: But he suspects now right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like reproduce at a rate that sustains the population or is it is an actress get dealt with missed out on the chance to have kids that like though with failed to do his duty to keep elves in the world kind of thing.
Mike Sackton: um elves reproduce that or I mean I I did TIM, and I did population, nothing else what's the problem with a race that with forever.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that.
Mike Sackton: If you don't have some sort of constraint on childbearing they're gonna end up with tongue you just gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah right.
Mike Sackton: Because if every else has to even if every else has two children right if they just if they live for 1000 years you can start accumulating quite a large number of elves.
Mike Sackton: And so the.
Mike Sackton: The limit the non overlapping wouldn't but.
Mike Sackton: The theory is yes elves we did the elves do have enough population do have enough offspring to sustain their population, they just keep getting killed because they do stupid things like decide to participate in giant wars to save people right.
Mike Sackton: So I.
Mike Sackton: have no idea to big debate in Dallas childhood was.
Mike Sackton: Do the Elf save that do they retreat and save themselves, they all come out and fight and, possibly, many of them die right, and if you lose a huge you know, have a lot of the child, do the web, basically, the young men and women die it's you know.
Mike Sackton: You lose there's a big population crash rate and the elders decided to join the fight right and dealt with a very pro that but, like yeah yeah actually has he's very I think he doesn't think about his elven life very much because it's too depressing right like.
Mike Sackton: we're all he knows.
Mike Sackton: The Elvis population is completely collapsed and there's only like thousand hours left on top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right ever talks about his family.
Mike Sackton: Now he doesn't write like he he kind of.
Mike Sackton: I think he I think it's like.
Mike Sackton: Just part he almost done he sees himself as like a lost soul Wanderer who is forever severed from his homeland and.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah just just like a little like like like yeah just interesting to see if her wendelin will suddenly like have a yearning to reconnect with his people.
Eric Rosenbaum: In that notebook country, what are the nash's nauseous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are you.
Timothy Sackton: Looking I have no idea I was just amused by the celebrate assuming victory or maybe i'll die and task become gods.
Eric Rosenbaum: But just before the confrontation with shema it's a defeat this nash's and cure the play.
Eric Rosenbaum: With an anxious.
Timothy Sackton: I have no idea what that is referring to.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: things changed hmm.
Timothy Sackton: That wasn't the final version we came to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see the rock imagining the final battle, but a year before it happened.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So when you're looking at 10 because we're trying to I just really quickly like what's deletes legion as an old is he still alive.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he was still alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
Timothy Sackton: Brian met him on the Isle of majors like circular island he keeps the visions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did you just tell me that I didn't even know what that book that was Oh, they forgot that was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moving into this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Island made is i've added so.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean it l'oreal circular but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, but back to back to JASMINE touching the ancient Alvin would.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there is.
Timothy Sackton: There is a lot of history here, but I.
Timothy Sackton: I can't hear them.
Timothy Sackton: I can't care it's boy it's too quiet for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm curious, is it the voice of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tree, or is it the voice of forest.
Timothy Sackton: Are those different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think they are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, maybe the same but deeper maybe the forces within the tree somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's within the branch.
Timothy Sackton: The voice of an individual is always.
Timothy Sackton: always speaks with the history of their community.
Timothy Sackton: If you don't mind trees any different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you don't mind, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over the course of this voyage, you and I can spend time together with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can do this for a moment, now i'm curious semi I close my eyes and you know hold that hold the branch, at the same time as JASMINE and on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah go go inward and tried to listen to the voices within the tree and maybe she can help me.
well.
Timothy Sackton: You you you don't hear and thing at all you just hear silence, but what you.
Timothy Sackton: What you see is that something about her.
Timothy Sackton: or her spirit is sort of almost is trying to flow into this branch.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: As you're both holding it together that that's what you sense it's the sort of sense of her pouring her.
Timothy Sackton: pouring her her her magic into this, but it is.
Timothy Sackton: there's too much distance between the language of trees and what.
Timothy Sackton: You are she can can see you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, it's Even so, though i'm am I, you know kinds of will, over the course of the journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When there's quiet time and if it feels like a good moment well we'll sit with JASMINE and hold the branch and try to tune into it together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If she's if she's up for that.
Timothy Sackton: Now she's.
Timothy Sackton: Great.
Timothy Sackton: So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, this is all because at the end of the day, kensal wants to be able to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stick this tree into like the world, the world live in the world would web and be able.
Eric Rosenbaum: To like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All trees everywhere so just this is part of a larger ambition.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The meal, you know you've been having this conversation, you know, during the meal i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Captain has sort of been silent Danny chimes in occasionally um.
Timothy Sackton: The the you in the old guy sleeping in the corner basically just wakes up.
Timothy Sackton: to eat and then kind of dress back off.
Timothy Sackton: after dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Lyle the the WHO introduces himself as i'm like oh honey hill.
Timothy Sackton: He has the Navigator and he sort of looks over it at Harold who couldn't nods to him and and he says i'm Harold Harold goes off.
Timothy Sackton: to play so Harold and Pearl the cook take out their.
Timothy Sackton: instruments and and strike up a tune.
Timothy Sackton: as well.
Timothy Sackton: I suppose.
Timothy Sackton: i'm unrolls his chart.
Timothy Sackton: which you will see enroll 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, wait there's.
Eric Rosenbaum: seen before.
Mike Sackton: out one day over here, on the other side of the world.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Any sounds.
Timothy Sackton: I gather.
Timothy Sackton: From our captain and Danny that you are.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you are trying to stay hidden.
Timothy Sackton: our usual route.
Timothy Sackton: And he he sort of takes his his finger out would be to sail.
Timothy Sackton: West Northwest from DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: To memoria.
Timothy Sackton: And then turn.
Timothy Sackton: North north west.
Timothy Sackton: To the canal.
Timothy Sackton: out the canal will have to take on a.
Timothy Sackton: wooden color pilot.
Timothy Sackton: whoa navigate us to the canal.
Timothy Sackton: And then we will sail.
Word color.
Timothy Sackton: cardone and pilots can.
Timothy Sackton: summon the wind.
Timothy Sackton: shifts that don't have auras cannot pass through the canal without a wind color.
Eric Rosenbaum: very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: However.
Timothy Sackton: I gather, you wish to avoid cardone EMS.
Timothy Sackton: how badly, do you wish to avoid uncharted.
Timothy Sackton: Because we could also say all.
Timothy Sackton: along the coast.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: To this delta here.
Timothy Sackton: or somewhere along this coastline.
Timothy Sackton: And drop you before the canal.
Timothy Sackton: To make your way overland.
Timothy Sackton: We pass through the canal there's no avoiding.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's the wind colors are their cards tariffs inspections Texas tolls fees.
Timothy Sackton: murphy's.
Mike Sackton: How long does it take to pass through the canal.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it depends on when we get there and.
Timothy Sackton: You know, but the timing, but.
Timothy Sackton: With.
Timothy Sackton: Good luck.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Two days.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly a day if we can.
Timothy Sackton: Make the morning transit before dawn.
Timothy Sackton: And catch.
Timothy Sackton: But the northern half of the canal is too narrow for ships pass.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
Timothy Sackton: There is one transit and it's takes under control of a winning Kotler almost 12 hours, so there is one transit North and one transit south.
Timothy Sackton: That transit north.
Timothy Sackton: leaves that.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, to be clear there's one point in which they can pass in the middle of the northern section, so the transit North leaves in.
Timothy Sackton: 10 in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Transit South me is that.
Timothy Sackton: somewhat earlier.
Timothy Sackton: So we would need to make.
Timothy Sackton: 30 miles from the coast to.
Timothy Sackton: The lake in the middle of the canal in.
Timothy Sackton: By 10.
Timothy Sackton: to catch the.
Timothy Sackton: northbound transit.
Timothy Sackton: it's possible.
Timothy Sackton: usually do it in two days, because it's.
Timothy Sackton: simpler to just.
Timothy Sackton: ankle overnight, but when callers.
Timothy Sackton: pick up one.
Timothy Sackton: APP for amelie where we enter the canal and.
Timothy Sackton: They will depart in.
Timothy Sackton: stillwater lake.
Timothy Sackton: pick up a second one there.
Timothy Sackton: To take us the remaining.
Timothy Sackton: 50 ish miles to Fort very on the far side.
Timothy Sackton: So one to two days.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): For us this morning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The overland travel time I have to mention to be longer by weeks.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, not weeks not unless you're slow foot are heavily laden.
How much longer ways.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: you're talking about.
Timothy Sackton: you're talking about a week's journey, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 10 days journey overland as opposed to up for three to four by ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the pink markings here along the coast.
Timothy Sackton: parts.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so we might make our way to one of those and be picked up again, but this vessel.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's well.
Timothy Sackton: How how fast, can you travel.
Timothy Sackton: Doubt harrell want us to sit in port for several days waiting for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not good horses.
Mike Sackton: don't have horses.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: we've not got horses, I thought you said, we have got worse.
yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have a way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tied all but one of us, including baxter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So that we're not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the boat and not fundable mean.
Mike Sackton: Have we ever determined how long we can spend in the portal.
Mike Sackton: Alright we're gonna hide to the mirror right, of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it.
Mike Sackton: Now.
When you're out.
Mike Sackton: portable hall going to take the mirror out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It has to be out of the hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the mirror, in order to put the mirror back in the hole.
Mike Sackton: yeah that would be well be would blend in with the crew.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: We do have some ways to hide.
Mike Sackton: How soon do we have to make a decision.
Timothy Sackton: Sometime tomorrow will be tacking West we shouldn't reach that you should reach the Isle of.
Timothy Sackton: folly here.
here.
Timothy Sackton: We should reach style of folly here by.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow evening, if the winds holds.
Timothy Sackton: And at that point we'll either need to tack.
Timothy Sackton: West.
Timothy Sackton: West and then nor.
Timothy Sackton: or follow the coast now, if you want to be, of course, we can always.
Timothy Sackton: Good always leave you.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere here.
Timothy Sackton: That may not be too difficult pulled out the winds can be tricky as you get further nor.
Timothy Sackton: Especially this time of year is the.
Timothy Sackton: We can we could drop you somewhere near.
Timothy Sackton: The entrance.
Timothy Sackton: Even if just on a launch if you decide as we approach to.
Timothy Sackton: That you need just that you'd prefer to not travel to the canal but.
Timothy Sackton: In terms of in terms of following the coast and avoiding any chance of encountering the turn dirty and navy on the CDS.
Timothy Sackton: will have to decide in the next day.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much chart in the navy is about.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: they're better than the pirates.
Timothy Sackton: Other us really.
Eric Rosenbaum: How frequently do you see them.
Timothy Sackton: Euro loria they're pretty common I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, with you're not are you powerful enough to make this entire ship finish like you can with individuals.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not even if you try really hard.
Mike Sackton: i'll admit i've never tried, but I.
Mike Sackton: Do not believe it would be successful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't believe in yourself, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe you can turn this entire ship and all of us invisible.
Mike Sackton: I think speed is of the essence.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That is our preference but.
Timothy Sackton: Captain seems to have taken a liking to you so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we put in an loria or is that simply a landmark to turn.
Timothy Sackton: No, we won't we won't be stopping until we charted now.
Timothy Sackton: it's not a very long journey we've got plenty of supplies and no more goods to pick up our oldest fall.
Timothy Sackton: He will fetch by far the best pricing chart in itself.
Timothy Sackton: This is more danny's expertise than mine.
Kate: encounter the navy and are likely to be boarded or when we're going through that now we have means to hide ourselves.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the degree that we can have advanced morning of such events we are grateful.
Timothy Sackton: Well cells are visible miles off.
Timothy Sackton: The storm blows up.
Timothy Sackton: But that's not likely this time a year.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, most of us aren't sailors and these things could happen in the night and so forth.
Timothy Sackton: It is true worship could sneak up on the night but.
Timothy Sackton: We sell this these waters regularly.
Timothy Sackton: flying.
Timothy Sackton: Traders colors.
Timothy Sackton: Anyone has less for no reason.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you are.
Timothy Sackton: Huge it is known to be on the run.
Timothy Sackton: And they are somebody is aware that you are.
Timothy Sackton: selling this way.
Mike Sackton: that's unlikely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): think we are and we don't think they are.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: But we will do what we do best make the ship fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and, frankly, if people are looking for us on the ocean with enough content to stop ships at that scale turns probably not the right destination for us anyways.
True.
Mike Sackton: it's true if the ship is stopped specifically to hunt for us.
Mike Sackton: going to charge, it is likely going to end badly.
Kate: Indeed.
Kate: Excellent strategic point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like there's any way now.
Mike Sackton: I don't think there is either.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So even if they know about us I don't think they would know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think the time is that right.
Mike Sackton: yeah exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're gonna have some fun actually a TIM is also start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh actually yeah well we get to chart in the first thing Kevin is going to do is try to find K, so of course or send word to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will we will do that later.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the business system only here from doing that what's this old dude what's he doing ship.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the business is done navigator rolls up his charts you know everybody's kind of chilling push away that you know the table, of course, gets assembled and folds up to make more space.
Timothy Sackton: Oswald to JASMINE start dancing.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You know, everybody is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no it's.
Timothy Sackton: journey is underway right or everybody's in a pretty good mood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM when I when when JASMINE was holding the staff, this is part of what I was wanting to happen did did like flowers appear on the stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It well we're going to do this every day, so at some point sorry I don't know why i'm drawing a lot of pictures that right now Illinois you guys, but I think I think you should be like cool little flowers that appear.
Mike Sackton: well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey man i'm doing it badly but i'll send you guys a picture of it.
cool.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah so everybody's you know there's music now dancing some of the.
Timothy Sackton: You know a few of the crew come in.
Timothy Sackton: You and kind of.
Timothy Sackton: starts starts awake and kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Timothy Sackton: looks sipping on like a brandy or something.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks you know all these youngins having fun.
Timothy Sackton: it's the kind of lucky has and well being you go over to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hello.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): respectfully i'll say.
respectfully.
Timothy Sackton: Well, as your sort of walking over like sort of looking at me sort of what's.
Timothy Sackton: what's your story young lad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will train you for yours.
Timothy Sackton: let's hear it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In in the heflin way of being in no particular Rochelle tell them along the one story growing up on the green sea and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Learning the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): waves secrets from my great grandfather.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In stuck in board and filled with wonder lust and coming south.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Making the mountain crossing in the spring and finding these and.
Timothy Sackton: Skills on for a little while and sort of listening.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly.
Timothy Sackton: awake and paying attention more than he had been before.
Timothy Sackton: come a long way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good.
Timothy Sackton: Very good.
I have.
Timothy Sackton: I have traveled many miles, but few on foot in my hundred years.
Timothy Sackton: Old song has seen.
Timothy Sackton: Many oceans.
Timothy Sackton: sale now.
Timothy Sackton: Safer route.
Timothy Sackton: charting.
Timothy Sackton: are sometimes a bit north.
Timothy Sackton: But in my youth once.
Timothy Sackton: cross the sea of storms.
Timothy Sackton: brought back.
Timothy Sackton: spice and.
Timothy Sackton: ivory and.
Timothy Sackton: Would.
Timothy Sackton: That was not.
Timothy Sackton: How even describe it.
Timothy Sackton: Would blood red.
Timothy Sackton: Smooth hard as iron.
Timothy Sackton: Flax.
Timothy Sackton: golden silver running through it like blood.
Timothy Sackton: From a tree no.
Timothy Sackton: strains lands beyond the sea storms.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that the Western to the southern.
Timothy Sackton: Southern see.
Timothy Sackton: like South.
Timothy Sackton: Dagmar.
Timothy Sackton: hey hey you know goes on about that sort of.
Timothy Sackton: You know the danger of crossing the the see the writing out type things.
Timothy Sackton: But also the.
Timothy Sackton: You know incredible wealth and.
Timothy Sackton: Just strangeness of the place.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed.
Timothy Sackton: We seem to be everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Some even knew some of the same start his.
Timothy Sackton: pals and the.
Timothy Sackton: very old days.
Timothy Sackton: First first first time we saw the green see.
Timothy Sackton: Ancient tales.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): before time.
Timothy Sackton: From.
Timothy Sackton: When the first ones walk the earth, yes.
Timothy Sackton: time whether that is.
Timothy Sackton: How does one even really speak of time.
Timothy Sackton: comes and goes and comes and goes and comes back again.
Timothy Sackton: No before after this just.
Timothy Sackton: cycles.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, when the first ones walked the earth.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe we could see those cycles differently somehow.
Timothy Sackton: Now I sit and listen.
Timothy Sackton: Keep the stories.
Timothy Sackton: Keep the.
Timothy Sackton: history of the ship a song of these masks and timbers.
Timothy Sackton: As it.
Timothy Sackton: passes from.
Timothy Sackton: Captain to captain and.
Timothy Sackton: Even family to family now the.
Timothy Sackton: Honey hills are.
Timothy Sackton: so sad story, but.
Timothy Sackton: Two of their ships were lost, but those who survived have.
Timothy Sackton: joined us and.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: A young.
Timothy Sackton: Ambitious Group and
Timothy Sackton: I think Carol may be thinking of turning over the ship captaincy to them at some point when he retires.
Timothy Sackton: For the soul our hearts, it was.
Timothy Sackton: It was.
Timothy Sackton: A sweat talks.
Timothy Sackton: They were the ones who sell that across the sea storms.
Timothy Sackton: sort of puts his hand up against the timbers of the side of.
Timothy Sackton: The boat.
Timothy Sackton: She has lost to say.
Timothy Sackton: check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Those maps stillborn.
Timothy Sackton: cannot map the sea of storms.
Timothy Sackton: currents change every journey.
Timothy Sackton: Even the stars sometimes shift.
Timothy Sackton: The only way to navigate it is.
Timothy Sackton: Trust the ways and trust the birds.
Timothy Sackton: Do would follow Tropic burns to land.
Timothy Sackton: There are no.
Timothy Sackton: No maps that have any meaning of that place.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): looks like so now.
Timothy Sackton: charton wow.
Timothy Sackton: that's a place of stories to.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'll probably have some maps of the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): huh.
Timothy Sackton: Sure i'd be willing to share.
Timothy Sackton: So place that.
Timothy Sackton: No cardone and story has ever forgotten.
Timothy Sackton: But they.
Timothy Sackton: They changed the meaning each time they tell them.
Timothy Sackton: History is always changing.
Timothy Sackton: Danny is the one is.
Timothy Sackton: been in the city by stay on the ship.
Timothy Sackton: A big.
Timothy Sackton: claustrophobic.
Timothy Sackton: And it's gotten.
Timothy Sackton: The water is the River are not clean anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Smoke from the slopes of Mount naira.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Industry buried in its.
Timothy Sackton: sides that.
Timothy Sackton: produces.
Timothy Sackton: an accurate stench.
Timothy Sackton: hangs over the city when the weather is bad.
Absolutely landmines.
Timothy Sackton: But there is great wonder there to.
Timothy Sackton: bridge that raises with a snap of a finger.
Timothy Sackton: Really.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes.
Timothy Sackton: Great bridge over the river.
Timothy Sackton: Much too low for math and chips the pastor.
Timothy Sackton: And yet.
Timothy Sackton: coming into port.
Timothy Sackton: just add a signal the entire.
Timothy Sackton: Bottom half of the brain just floats up into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: sale under.
Timothy Sackton: Their clothes back down, sometimes even with the people crossing it still on.
Timothy Sackton: standing on the.
Timothy Sackton: floating stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: love to see that.
Timothy Sackton: And the lights at night from the.
Timothy Sackton: thousand towers of the Academy.
Timothy Sackton: Just a glow stretching across.
Timothy Sackton: Well, stretching across the vast skyline.
Points and.
Timothy Sackton: Every color.
Timothy Sackton: hard to see the stars, but.
Timothy Sackton: The lights or something else.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: you'll see when you get there.
Timothy Sackton: right if you speak to while sometime in the next few days.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure he'd be happy to share his lap.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, despite.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): being raised in a family of merchants, I am clearly not one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And yet we go to charton to negotiate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): made a promise to imprison giant to return is is stolen by people there and I don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know how to go about that sort of the negotiation, what would you do in my shoes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: That anyone.
Timothy Sackton: might be wary of making promises to giants lad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah that's a good retrospective.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): piece of advice and I haven't made any sense, then, so in a way of thinking in the heart.
Timothy Sackton: You seek adventure adventure will seek you.
Timothy Sackton: told that to the.
Timothy Sackton: Young lovers over there and they said, good.
Timothy Sackton: And I said, be careful what stories you wish to be part of.
Timothy Sackton: And I would say the same to you, but I sense, it might be too late.
Timothy Sackton: you're already part of.
Timothy Sackton: stories that cannot be stopped, perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: negotiate for giant size.
Timothy Sackton: hope you have a lot of money.
Mike Sackton: Negotiating.
magic.
Mike Sackton: We expect anybody to hand them over willingly wealthy.
Mike Sackton: I expect more of an infiltration and negotiate.
Timothy Sackton: muted king.
Kate: Well, now coming to nine to wonder if we know any inner feeling adventure seeking folks who may inquire after the giant size for substantial financial backing behind them.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's an interesting thought to use a an agent on our behalf.
Eric Rosenbaum: could put them in danger.
Kate: yeah I was more planning thievery.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll find out what we can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do may have to trust in nature, you and what are the stories that you know of storm giants.
Timothy Sackton: Storm giants.
Timothy Sackton: wow.
Timothy Sackton: I did see one once.
Timothy Sackton: From a great distance.
Timothy Sackton: crossing the theists dorms.
Timothy Sackton: He or she I don't know was.
Timothy Sackton: just sitting.
Timothy Sackton: On the ocean just sitting there.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how or why.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: every few minutes.
Timothy Sackton: They would reach up into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: and pull down the cloud.
Timothy Sackton: and walk away and the winds would pick off and how would be driven off course.
Timothy Sackton: They were just sit there watching.
Timothy Sackton: beat away from that as quickly and.
Timothy Sackton: craft, as we could.
Timothy Sackton: This this old ship is a.
Timothy Sackton: see where the strong but.
Timothy Sackton: When giants are tossing clouds and 20 foot waves that crash over your bows don't stick around to talk to them.
Timothy Sackton: or wonder why you just run.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the fade noticed any lines as we've traveled over the ocean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, sometimes you stick around and wonder why and ask them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right, maybe it's just us sorry secret.
Timothy Sackton: You might young and you get to be my age, you might.
Timothy Sackton: Well, in order to get to be my age, you might need to.
Timothy Sackton: change your tack a little bit when giants are concerned.
Timothy Sackton: You have not noticed any ley lines since you've set sail.
Timothy Sackton: Right, there was a there is a ley line that passes through DARPA coast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Theoretically, there could be ones out.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yes, oh boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: In your.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: I must say it is almost time for me to turn in.
Timothy Sackton: Nice meeting you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for the tell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): us.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly gets to his feet and walks like perfectly balanced, despite the sway of the ship like totally.
Timothy Sackton: affected by the movement of the ocean heading to his hammock and that you know it is starting to get with all the time with while be telling a story and telling stories and stuff it's starting to get on the late side now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Probably Pearl the cook and Harold the captain are still happily keeping up the music but i'm.
Timothy Sackton: JASMINE and and Oswald have drifted off to their cabin at.
Timothy Sackton: Lyle has gone to bed it's basically just you and me, you asked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): break for a second here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should be i'll take a break for feminists.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
cool.
Kate: You can help me some time think about.
Kate: What things i'm tinkered with I don't want to like have anything to advance her current tells our technology just sort of you know something else slightly more complicated and like a broken compass that.
Kate: I don't know.
Kate: drove an alarm clock or.
Kate: Whatever sort of like little.
Kate: Just general broken mechanical things I don't know how much mechanical stuff exists because there's so much magic but.
Kate: I just wanted to fiddle and fix.
Kate: My.
Kate: inclination.
Kate: And then antiques dealer seems likely to have a lot of broken stuff.
hey.
Kate: maniacal little traps like a week behind the treachery situation slow by enemies down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we've gotten strangely super super into the basketball finals this year, which is not a thing so like my whole family is watching the golden steak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go check in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh huh cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: how's it going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): uh they're up over Dallas in the series three one and they're rushing them tonight and they're just so satisfying.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, let me say i'm just looking at that, I mean i've been i've been vaguely.
Timothy Sackton: vaguely aware of Boston it's doing well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, probably.
Timothy Sackton: There are three to.
Timothy Sackton: six.
Kate: There were pictures of red SOx players headed down spring training wearing celtics gear.
Kate: He only sports stuff but penetrates my.
Kate: Electronic music scene is tax related apparently expressed.
Kate: Interest talks.
Kate: To the algorithms said that my face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry about that guys is checking in my mom my mom is actually doing really well right now i'm very excited.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To be back for two weeks, and this is like the best she's been we started her on this like new kind of medicine last night, and she had some friends came over and Initially it was weird it was like really nice and yeah she's like doing really well right now so.
very pleased hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take the small wins.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we haven't been attacked by sea monsters yet that's kind of surprising.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop this like.
Mike Sackton: Nice setup.
Mike Sackton: Loss into like this is just gonna be a role play session.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nothing bad's gonna happen on no, no, no there's going to be handling carnage shortly like like half the ship is going to like and a half the half things are going to die, going to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's going to get bad.
Mike Sackton: As an aside, do we have the faintest idea how we're going to find the giant size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kansans oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was going to do some outreach to his shadowing network of people that he knows which is basically like his mentor who then knows like people, it has mentor so alive, which, hopefully, he will be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than that.
Kate: snuck into the society.
Kate: Hope we run into Bola and she hasn't been brainwashed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Looking at smaller didn't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But so will it denotes a different part, but you can always like we could do a sending to Bola because the two of you met.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and say hey we're in charge, and like I I sort of think that stuffing our way into the society open scrolls like into wherever they keep their most valuable most powerful treasure and stealing like there's nothing in our past experience that suggests we could do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this trip we're going to learn a lot get caught people they're going to realize we're here and then we're gonna have to escape into the Alvin woods and there's their tribe and we're not actually going to get the eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But will learn about their location and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: things about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should offer to trade them the mirror and soul trapping for them, I mean that seriously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Mayor of so trapping so that you saw the mirror that tells you the objection none of those that that mirror we keep that's like that's like a press, as I am, but i'll trapping mirror poli would say that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'm with you, the value of the soul trapping mirror to group, like that is also not just the mere itself but also like the prisoners in it like that, how goblin wizard like from hundreds of years ago, that is presumably a super valuable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You seem to have like said, the open scroll do all sorts of evil stuff with that person.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, interesting point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Their history is a historical figure today isn't it not only another name.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We happen to guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a historical figure.
Mike Sackton: that's an interesting idea so be up front like basically go knock on the front door and said, we want to make a trade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That feels like a pretty comparable trade honestly small trapping mirror for giant size.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The only thing is, we don't know what the chances like possible they do nothing or it's possibly like hugely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually witnessed dealt with the journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: about this plan.
Mike Sackton: The giant was like mostly insane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the giant was like give me back my eyes, like.
brain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like the thing that, like the thing that we know about the giant size is it doesn't matter what powers they have right, even if we get them we're not keeping them were the purpose of getting them is to get the lightning storm giant on our side, like.
Kate: right if it turned their needs, might be less likely to trade them away if they're if they are aware of their immense power.
Mike Sackton: But the mirror of salt trappings pretty immensely powerful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah is incredibly powerful it's got there's a women are the women in there there's one other, we chat pickle animals in there too right there's liver and and then there's the.
Timothy Sackton: there's the poison troll and there's.
Mike Sackton: A poison troll an orc and the mega powerful hobgoblin was.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ooh after me skip give the mirror to the society of control they're going to release the hop off and we're going to fight them as a part of like a big later battle 100%.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): were like to hug them it's going to take over the society like I can't go well right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then we're going to have a fucking storm drain on our side who's going to tell us how to destroy the Center of power and or help us use the separate power and or be our like battle lieutenant when we take a return.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, David agrees with you 100%, but I think well these assumption is just that we're freeing kroger and hopefully they'll do something nice for us but that's not really what random for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I mean we're not we're not transactional per se, but we wanted to help we want him to tell us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How to better because we think he's going to know some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right and then also because we promised that we would and it's good to do it and then yeah like having a storm giant ally for all of our future battles will probably be nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think, also for will be known that this like that giant conceivably could take us safely across the sea of storms which is maybe more accurately the sea of storm giants like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That would be that is amazing.
Mike Sackton: And that's a good way to get.
Mike Sackton: wow oh wait you mean South into the unknown.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's this music, by the way, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why is this musical like aggressive, all of a sudden, like why we were just having a nice little conversation at dusk.
Like what's the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah there you go yeah I was a little little little intense felt like we were getting attacked or something bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because the first first session you religious into the true sense of.
Security.
Mike Sackton: Okay, well, we can make our plans let's get to chart in first.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: dealt with is not against.
Mike Sackton: This idea of a trade.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: So over the course of the next few days.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: By the next evening you reach the island folly and on the northwest of DARPA and turn.
Timothy Sackton: West Northwest towards a loria.
Timothy Sackton: The selling is the ship is the wind, has been very good and so you are going.
Timothy Sackton: faster than expected.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: conceivably could make the journey and more like two weeks, instead of a two days at this at this rate, if things keep up and during this time, you, you get a map of chart and from from La.
Timothy Sackton: So this is your rough map of chart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of points out like okay here's the.
Timothy Sackton: here's the here's the weird smoke.
Timothy Sackton: This this is that artificial canal that comes out of the river that.
Timothy Sackton: runs through here and dumps waste back into the River down here, this is like the slums you shouldn't go there.
Timothy Sackton: Then dress.
Timothy Sackton: Rich merchants estates on the on the slopes of.
Timothy Sackton: Of not naira does like a cliff of obsidian that juts out from the mountain here.
Timothy Sackton: The these walls are the new walls.
Timothy Sackton: These walls, the inner walls of the old walls from like 300 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: The new aws are from the past.
Timothy Sackton: Well, from from like maybe 150 years ago from after the great war.
Timothy Sackton: there's three big there's many, many markets but there's three really big ones, this one, this one, and this one.
Timothy Sackton: These are the main morphs.
Timothy Sackton: Three major bridges across the river he points out, this is there's like a half laying houseboat Community up here, so this stretch of the rivers super Nice because it's upstream of where all the toxic waste gets dumped.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Great library is here this whole area within the walls, the imperial Palace is here.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of for that nobody is allowed in is here.
Timothy Sackton: This is the Cathedral of the eight, the largest of the temples to the a designs.
Timothy Sackton: This can tell you, you know some of this to this is kinda this market, this is.
Timothy Sackton: The area where you wear.
Timothy Sackton: tight so lives.
Timothy Sackton: Within us sort of here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay nice yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So in this area between the market and this South gate.
Timothy Sackton: This is where you grew up.
Timothy Sackton: over here.
Timothy Sackton: On the north bank in the chain late into the slums.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, none of the happenings have spent a ton of time actually in the city.
Timothy Sackton: They tend to dock and I mean Dan has been they tend to trade at this market, this is by far the biggest and most active market.
Timothy Sackton: The city is you know charting is densely populated like hundreds of thousands of people, or even a million people live in the city there's just like tons of.
Timothy Sackton: Traffic coming and going at all times like super bustling.
Timothy Sackton: dense in the sense that, like there's just lots of you know, housing there's lots of apartments everything's packed close together.
Timothy Sackton: The the the Academy area over here is like.
Timothy Sackton: there's hundreds of these towers.
Timothy Sackton: All different colors all all sort of packed together in mostly in this area, but then there's some that spread out across the rest of the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In which.
Timothy Sackton: mostly in the where the library is over here.
Timothy Sackton: So you have a rough map, you have.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas knowledge, although.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Old.
Timothy Sackton: Can you know you're five years out of date and also.
Timothy Sackton: You know I don't think I mean I don't know correct me if i'm wrong I don't think he's spent a ton of time just kind of exploring the various parts of the city right, like you, presumably know the north bank super well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I think ken's as like a young lad yeah you would wander around I mean you would get into trouble then like you know so here's one question, and this is useful for our party to like how like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the law and order situation in in charge, and like are there, like bucking Dudes with like Armor and sore isn't a kind of a fascist kind of a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feel is it like a super liberal like you know who they're doing or the Fuck they want like what's the kind of you know what's the lawn or.
Timothy Sackton: Neither right, so I mean the law and order is effectively.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the there's like.
Timothy Sackton: The coffee is the is the major guard there the like.
Timothy Sackton: Oh Fuck you know the end there's there's the.
Timothy Sackton: there's the per county premise, which is the personal.
Timothy Sackton: guard of the magister is of the of the Emperor well the ruler, they don't technically call themselves emperor's because drink or is gone so there can't be emperor's without drink or they rule in the name of the emperor.
Timothy Sackton: And they are you know they are.
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking, the source of power of you know that's where the imperial administration gets its power right because they've got an army of mages personally loyal to them, who can go do whatever the hell, they want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because they're a king or an emperor of China.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's the wow.
Timothy Sackton: The magister us rules in the name or it's sort of like stuart's have gone door right like the actual emperor is gone, because the empire is gone because drink orange gone, but they're effectively the Emperor right like the kit you know it's the same it, you know.
Timothy Sackton: it's, at least within the path, at least within ken's those lights right it's like you know imperial administration like there's a huge civil bureaucracy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it elected, is it like was it like they're a part of like the Communist Party and they they vote only the only.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea how Ambrose get chosen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is do people know in general.
Timothy Sackton: um there's not like a system right like.
Timothy Sackton: there's not like some formal system of how is the next time for chosen it's basically whoever commands the loyalty of that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it.
Timothy Sackton: Because it.
Mike Sackton: isn't like super unstable and I mean.
Mike Sackton: When Rome entered that phase of the legions taking the Emperor it was the period of Rome, everything was falling apart because there was no stability to power, everybody was always working for.
Timothy Sackton: So why.
Mike Sackton: Why why wouldn't the major just betray the Emperor for the next right.
Mike Sackton: me that maybe.
The question.
Timothy Sackton: Like is that none of you really know anything about how the next enter emperor's pick what you do know kenzo is that the current magister is is a young.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a young guy.
Timothy Sackton: His aunt was the previous mad distress who ruled for.
Timothy Sackton: All basically all your life right like when you were first aware of the fact that there was such a thing as a magister is it was.
Timothy Sackton: sever.
Timothy Sackton: are often.
Timothy Sackton: And until basically she died and.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs Marina button our time took over.
Timothy Sackton: He is like 23 now, it took over, when he was 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you were blood related to the previous my distress.
Timothy Sackton: yeah she was on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And nobody knows how they were just just kind of happened.
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: He was like.
Timothy Sackton: He was like a navy guy he was involved in the conquest of.
Timothy Sackton: More yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And charting used to be part of the drink Korean empire.
Timothy Sackton: There was originally the far western edge of the drink corn.
Timothy Sackton: Right, nobody really knows how the per country premier get their power to begin with right like.
Timothy Sackton: they're separate from the from the great library like there's the whole like.
Timothy Sackton: Council of majors and stuff that control the Academy, and the library that are not.
Timothy Sackton: Right so there's this like group of thrall you know they.
Timothy Sackton: You know the Emperor somehow controls the power of the major card right like there's no maybe there's some magic item that gets passed down from whenever to the next and that's the source of the you don't.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has any.
Mike Sackton: wasn't was the air and.
Mike Sackton: Then I know it's.
Mike Sackton: Crossing streams which wasn't was here, in the main card.
Timothy Sackton: He was in the in that so there's the precocity um ah.
Timothy Sackton: I need a name for them regarding the second day right like I don't know if that's going to be their permanent name.
Timothy Sackton: But they're the they're like the city watch their the major guard of the people.
Timothy Sackton: was here was in that.
Timothy Sackton: They are organized much more like an arm right like they have ranks and they have commanders.
Timothy Sackton: For contact premiss is much more like you know right secret police, except not in the sense that they're constantly going around and people business right like a lot of what they seem to do is keep the Emperor and power.
Timothy Sackton: But like nobody really knows right nobody knows anything about the inner workings of.
Timothy Sackton: or content pretty mass.
Timothy Sackton: or even how what what can they even do right like nobody really knows how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is our understanding is the society of the open scroll like connected to like the larger ruling class or is it like like because the great library is sort of like the academics right like there's sort of.
Timothy Sackton: A library is the academics.
Timothy Sackton: They have their whole other magical Council that.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody kind of figures, there must be some kind of.
Timothy Sackton: There must be some kind of connection between the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the the.
Timothy Sackton: Civil bureaucracy somehow the Emperor keeps the civil bureaucracy, the the content premise the you know the emperor's person that magister his personal major guard.
Timothy Sackton: down for a second is the city watch.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: You know that they're there must be a good like there's different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Power sent right right.
Timothy Sackton: But the Academy is its own independent powers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, but the Academy is also like I mean they're training mages and it's like super fucking powerful so they must have some kind of did tons or like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Historically, maybe it's sometimes there's adversarial maybe sometimes they like collaborative like are they like, I mean got cancer, whatever says that this is like the great library like a really independent body, or is it like you know somehow like you know.
Timothy Sackton: But the great library is.
Timothy Sackton: is quite independent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now, it makes sense in the sense that they are.
Timothy Sackton: yeah a lot of it's sort it's almost like you know the medieval church right like there.
Timothy Sackton: there's a whole separate.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the most like line everything for them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and it is the society be open scroll how do they fit into all this, as far as we know.
Timothy Sackton: they're a part of the great library.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's interesting this kensal have like a negative positive or neutral feelings towards the great library like is he cuz like the taillight experimentation on that shit is not more like on the you know Emperor side or is that more on like the grant library side.
Timothy Sackton: heiser as always assumed this is more on.
Timothy Sackton: The Emperor side, I mean a lot of a lot of people and charting are perfectly happy with the Chilean right like it's what powers the lights and there's.
Timothy Sackton: A there's.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's like cleansing stones and all the squares where you can go and just touch him and it cleans your clothes and there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah sure sure sure sure.
um.
Timothy Sackton: And, but.
Timothy Sackton: The great library is much older than.
Timothy Sackton: Like chili wasn't really a big thing 300 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: People knew about it, but it wasn't nearly so industrial just.
Timothy Sackton: Interesting the great library goes wait, all the way back to drink or.
Timothy Sackton: interest or as.
Timothy Sackton: A light like even over the course of Kansas lifetime right like che late, would you know che light power magic has become more common.
Eric Rosenbaum: If street cards.
Timothy Sackton: They don't have streetcars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's no cherry like based combustion.
Timothy Sackton: there's no to like based combustion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Research a light powered vehicles.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's kind of what I was asking.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there are not a light powered vehicles.
Timothy Sackton: Yet yet.
Timothy Sackton: There are wow.
Timothy Sackton: You can you have heard rumors of.
Timothy Sackton: What are effectively che like elevators in some of these towers.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So all of you TIM, in particular, you on there's a really great netflix show called arcane.
Timothy Sackton: I watched it yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, you seen it yeah it's right it's like you know, imagine a lot of charter target and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect okay yeah you guys should all why it's one of the best it's like graphics are amazing like it's super fun good good good check out arcane put it on your watch list because I like that's like chart in and like 1000 years or like five or something like that.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, definitely okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, so I mean this is basically what you know right.
Timothy Sackton: But none of you are, you know kenzo you know knows there's there's all sorts of rumors right like you know these when call it, like the cercone and navy is has gotten has become very powerful because of magic.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a suspicion that this is not natural magic in the sense of.
Timothy Sackton: Anything but it's like basically a light users.
Timothy Sackton: Calling the wind right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there are trailhead powered vehicles.
Eric Rosenbaum: canal ship.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you, you know in some sense, whether this is true or not, nobody really knows um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, until we get caught by one like right now.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: we're gonna find out.
Timothy Sackton: Well you're all getting in West you're all in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't even know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened.
Mike Sackton: All true very sad but anyway.
Timothy Sackton: You have a you have probably.
My notes.
Timothy Sackton: You have about six or seven days until you get to the canal.
Timothy Sackton: And you know you're selling in well traffic retry you passed you pass some sales every now and that right.
Timothy Sackton: You know this is not a.
Timothy Sackton: This is not an empty ocean.
Timothy Sackton: And and around the fourth.
Timothy Sackton: The morning of the fifth day you, you can see the island of loria off your.
Timothy Sackton: starboard bow to the West.
Timothy Sackton: You do pass it, you know, in the distance a couple of you know clearly cardone and navy ships, you know there's other traders there's especially Nero loria lori others, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Traffic right but but.
Nothing.
Timothy Sackton: No ship that is clearly coming to.
Timothy Sackton: approach you.
Timothy Sackton: Right so you're mostly just seeing sales on the horizon things like that.
Timothy Sackton: And you know from from a loria you the ship turns to sell North North by Northwest to the canal entrance and peril the captain and wow and navigator warn you that you've got you know, probably three days.
Timothy Sackton: Until the canal.
Timothy Sackton: You know and.
Timothy Sackton: everybody's gotten to know you a little bit at this point right like you know they're all kind of.
Timothy Sackton: What do you need to.
Timothy Sackton: Let us know if you need anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we need to figure out how to get through the canal without being being noticed.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Is that we're all going to go in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Then we're going to put the mirror and the portable hole.
Mike Sackton: And then we're going to hide the portable hole somewhere or bobby's just going to keep it on him.
Mike Sackton: Nice and then welby is going to pretend to be happening seller.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leads a half of the seller.
Exactly so.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: So just to refrain from telling me stories about.
Mike Sackton: architects all the chairs report.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right well oh my God, though aren't the chart on is gonna have some like fucking magic item detector like are they have some level, one where they like waving around and like they figure out where all the magic items are.
Kate: mean detects magic.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that's The one thing we're not sure, although you could put the portable hole in a lead line chest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The boxes technology.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: good thing we brought with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there a lead line chest.
Mike Sackton: One foot of stone one inch of common bed or thin sheet of lead blocks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one bit of stone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't have somebody that can make stone on our boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't just make it out of thin air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you pull up from the bottom of the sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make something that would last one hour oh actually probably not even that because.
Mike Sackton: i'm actually it's.
Mike Sackton: worth finding out we don't need very much lead we literally need enough lead to put a small piece of silk inside.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's ask about the book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's ask TIM, is there any lead on the boat.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody has led.
Mike Sackton: About metal.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean there's plenty of metal I mean there's definitely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every one of us has an artifact that.
Eric Rosenbaum: would be a metallic.
Eric Rosenbaum: pouch.
Eric Rosenbaum: I made that change.
Mike Sackton: metal.
Mike Sackton: The fabric eat metal what you can do all kinds of things seeker rate.
Eric Rosenbaum: or between me and when we could make something.
Mike Sackton: Can you just.
Mike Sackton: Create things.
Eric Rosenbaum: But not permanently they only last an hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are useful, how long is it going to take across this channel.
Eric Rosenbaum: A day I thought it was two days.
Mike Sackton: That one to two days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like we need to be searched anytime during was one or two days.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have, because we have a huge inventory of stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a bag of salt, for instance um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does the does the does the chemical pot may be useful here.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you.
Timothy Sackton: Go I think that's the answer hey did you see that my suggestion yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's um.
Kate: i'm searching my spells and I haven't been reading the chat.
Eric Rosenbaum: The alchemical tea kettle is made of iron.
Kate: that's the one I was looking for, yes, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Not a spell that's why you couldn't find that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And when closed, it is a sealed object.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is empty unless you call forth it's magical liquid.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we could put the portable whole into the tea kettle.
Timothy Sackton: Although the tea kettle itself has magic so if you're trying to.
Timothy Sackton: lock detect magic that's not gonna do anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I guess, it could be a decoy because he would detect it and it's like oh that's just one of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: Automatic tea kettles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But also blocked by three feet of wood or dirt.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we could like in the you know the very left bottom most whole right there's like that, like the the builds or whatever.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah lowest level, we could probably build three feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): worth of water dirt around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh.
Kate: But to 10 does the thing that I can do require, am I, creating something out of nothing around just crafting.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can let me read what it says.
Kate: I can craft, something that must include some mental.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You have to.
Timothy Sackton: You can't create something out of nothing you have to lay out something of equal value, but you can transmute say a gold coin into anything that is worth a gold coin.
Kate: Okay well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is the opposite of alchemy turning gold so.
Kate: I can anti alchemy, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is it that you can do that.
Kate: I can craft any non magical item that includes metal.
Kate: Like.
Kate: Some ammunition some Armor.
A weapon.
Mike Sackton: Small chest.
Kate: A small metal box.
Mike Sackton: We just need like a little metal We just need a little wet box.
Kate: A little jewelry box sort of thing.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Then we can hide that somewhere where it's not super obvious.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah we will ask the quartermaster play where do you hide your contraband on the ship.
Kate: We would like to include a metal box.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so so.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: So our plan, then.
Kate: i'm going to sit down in prayer fully create a metal box.
Timothy Sackton: Right yes.
Timothy Sackton: She says i'm contraband is.
Timothy Sackton: Correct truckee.
Timothy Sackton: So that.
Timothy Sackton: The tall i'm in the US, the canal.
Timothy Sackton: They don't search your ship.
Timothy Sackton: They just asked you.
Timothy Sackton: How much is what you're carrying worth.
Timothy Sackton: And the taxes, a fraction of that.
Timothy Sackton: But they also reserve the right to buy your entire cargo for that price.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a good way of doing it actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I know where you got that idea that's coming.
Timothy Sackton: From so tall that some Swedish king is to impose to for taxes on the crossing um.
Timothy Sackton: I forget what it's called I was googling like medieval Renaissance ship taxes or something like that, or if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You choose.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah exactly that's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: I contraband is risky, because if you have.
Timothy Sackton: Lots of high value contraband hidden among your cargo.
Timothy Sackton: And you don't declare the value.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So maybe better to hedge it among like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This little box among like i'm thinking of something that's probably like cigar box sized.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like among personal effects.
Timothy Sackton: I would put that in your personal effects, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe literally on your body and the belt pouch or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: For when you go overboard.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's not really I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Because not really I mean there's certainly smuggling right into chartered but.
Timothy Sackton: Smuggling things to the canal is not really a thing right because.
Timothy Sackton: You can't get a ship through secret.
Timothy Sackton: So the taxes, just the tax nobody cares what good you're transporting.
Timothy Sackton: Just.
Timothy Sackton: pay the value in some fraction of ships, they just just by and that keeps everybody honest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right well, maybe i'll just stash it among like my.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): backpack my backpack with all non magical stuff and stash it in there with pots and pans.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Put a little salt or something in it, on top of the.
Mike Sackton: part of a whole.
Kate: And here secret has himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why salt salt also helps us.
Mike Sackton: Now, just because then, if somebody opens the box tonight like, why do you have an empty metal box, with a piece of silicon.
Timothy Sackton: So whoever accidentally uses that salt will get lead towards.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, maybe i'll put some golden affiliate with gold and then.
Mike Sackton: yeah whatever.
Kate: We could dump the lead poisoned to salt into the sea, like.
Mike Sackton: you're not really gonna get lead poisoning from.
Mike Sackton: The South salt, particularly which led I don't think so right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's investigate this further.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When our salts properties.
Timothy Sackton: So you turn north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Side quest.
Timothy Sackton: Next.
Timothy Sackton: next couple of days.
Timothy Sackton: approach your like.
Timothy Sackton: eighth day of sailing roughly um you can see the the coast of charting in the distance, you can see the.
Timothy Sackton: The entrance to the canal canal the entrance to the canal is basically just a title is a title estuary and about 10 miles in there is a.
Timothy Sackton: Large for overlooking the water like a basically a castle.
Timothy Sackton: With docs you can see the several ships there's a small city that's kind of set along the coast here as well.
Timothy Sackton: You can see there's, you know as you even from a distance, you can see that there's several ships Doc you're getting there late afternoon, so you could conceivably make the transit in one day if you.
Timothy Sackton: anchor overnight here.
Timothy Sackton: You know, get up pre dawn.
Timothy Sackton: And you know make your arrangement make arrangements tonight for the wind callers to board on the morning and get our pre dawn at.
Timothy Sackton: cell into the night after you know from the still water like halfway through.
Timothy Sackton: Captain certainly willing, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: sooner they get the chairman and CEO they can unload.
Timothy Sackton: tea and make a profit and.
Timothy Sackton: restart.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go back, I just have to step away for like three minutes i'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I think going transiting and that's reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: So at what point are you all getting in the mirror, I mean this is gonna be like the whole crew is going to know what's going on right there's not really anywhere, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Set up the mirror that's private I guess you could put it on the floor of the cabin and everybody could crawl into the.
cab.
Timothy Sackton: That would be thoroughly so it's thought far as everybody is concerned.
Mike Sackton: We vanish.
Timothy Sackton: You just vanish.
Mike Sackton: it's Okay, we were invisible and we came on board.
Timothy Sackton: And you're just gonna spend.
Timothy Sackton: you're just going in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: gonna.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna go look in the mirror and we're going to intentionally fell our saves and.
Mike Sackton: Then, while he's gonna stick the mirror in back in the portable whole.
Mike Sackton: The whole back in the lead box, but the lead box in his backpack.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm, the last thing you the four of you see.
Timothy Sackton: Is the.
Timothy Sackton: Thus far, in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: The you know the ships coming and going the sun.
Timothy Sackton: Setting I assume you're again a because the wind color will come on board.
Timothy Sackton: You know, to make it make it to make the deal and work out all the.
Timothy Sackton: You know the taxes and everything, this evening I assume you're just getting in the mirror now basically.
Timothy Sackton: So, the last thing you see is the is the coastline, the sort of Title estuary.
Timothy Sackton: salt marsh to the to the east, the small wall port city to the West this.
Timothy Sackton: cercone and Castle overlooking a theory, you know, a series of words on the title flow.
Timothy Sackton: As one by one, you vanish into the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: No time passes.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: You are just in this white mist i'm.
Timothy Sackton: You know you just see these you know the looks like fog drifting.
Timothy Sackton: path occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: You have a vague sense of time passing, but you never seem to get hungry or tired or thirsty.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: It feels like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, it feels like it feels like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a couple of minutes or maybe an hour.
Timothy Sackton: When you.
Timothy Sackton: emerge, one by one.
Timothy Sackton: On the.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, so let's see how his backstory is back through the baxters in the mirror too right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would assume, why not.
Timothy Sackton: So factor in the mirror you'll have to take the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: To the deck there's no way baxter is getting down into the cabin.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: not sure which choices better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's the choice.
Mike Sackton: Do we do we bring the mirror up on deck to show to and have get baxter to go into it.
Mike Sackton: But the cost to be everybody sees the mirror we're not gonna be able to keep it hidden because baxter can't really can't we like bring baxter down to the cargo hold or something like that.
Kate: Could secret turn them into.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's what's The goal of the misdirection here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah actually why can't baxter just be on the boat.
Kate: Mind reading i'm like well I.
Mike Sackton: don't know yeah, why does baxter need to be in the mirror at all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because no one else writes next.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're trying not to be identified, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't why don't we turn baxter into my doesn't secret turn baxter into something for a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are there other.
Mike Sackton: packet or enlarge reduce.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What can see what went up here.
Timothy Sackton: Why, the question is the mirror baxter can't get down to the cabin.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: there's no way he can.
Timothy Sackton: there's no way you can even get down into the whole.
Mike Sackton: he's not back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but can't.
Timothy Sackton: get us on the deck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but can we make them small and bring them down to the cabin small.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then put them in the mirror small.
Timothy Sackton: yeah with magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I can reduce him.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or paulie morrison right yes.
Mike Sackton: ny traduced, I think, rather than poem.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): agree, because it will be much cuter also.
Mike Sackton: yeah adorable little baxter only this big.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a funnier idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: So with reduce baxter will be have done all dimensions.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'll be.
Timothy Sackton: lying from he'll be like five feet, instead of.
Mike Sackton: i'll be handling sighs.
Mike Sackton: yeah nice hassling xp.
Timothy Sackton: perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Happy letting him.
Timothy Sackton: out might be a little bit tricky but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When he can stay in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A long time.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have enough mirror slots for this.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you have eight slots.
Timothy Sackton: You only need.
Eric Rosenbaum: Five for this year, five yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): also simplifies charting.
Mike Sackton: To good Sam, we need to let him out before we trade, the mirror away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, certainly true.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yes Okay, so I am surreptitiously cast reduce on baxter.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry shrinks.
Timothy Sackton: cute little happening act speak and he.
Eric Rosenbaum: complains loudly, but in a squeaky voice than usual.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then we lead him down into the whole carefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Timothy Sackton: Your.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be done so at any rate.
Timothy Sackton: And he finishes as the rest of you men as well be you are now left after.
Timothy Sackton: All your friends disappear into the mirror you put the mirror in turn off the mirror put the mirror in the portable whole fold up front of a whole put the part of a hole in your lead line box.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Listen gold over that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sounded luckily closed lock it with my walk my bag.
Timothy Sackton: So you are now the only one at on deck.
Timothy Sackton: That evening when you Doc at the.
Timothy Sackton: At the fort.
Timothy Sackton: And you are, I mean you are sort of trying to blend in with basically the able steam in right like.
Timothy Sackton: you're not stand out just you know, and you know your way around your ships right like you sound plenty before so it's not too hard.
Timothy Sackton: You you see this cardone and dressed in.
Timothy Sackton: sky blue robes with a hood shattering their entire face.
Timothy Sackton: Step on.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see their eyes and their face or any anything.
Timothy Sackton: And they can't tell if it's a man or a woman.
Timothy Sackton: They speak softly, to the captain and a person gold is exchanged.
Timothy Sackton: And then they depart and everybody goes to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: until the next morning in the pre dawn light before it's even.
Timothy Sackton: Light out you're awakened by the sound of wind picking up in the sales.
Timothy Sackton: creeping making your way on on to Doc and sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Working with the other half flings um you can see that that this.
Timothy Sackton: sky blue robe individual is.
Timothy Sackton: sitting in a.
Timothy Sackton: circle that has been constructed of some powder a wrap so there's like a big circle and some pattern gemstone or something like that around this person and the person is sitting in the middle of the circle, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, doing magic of some kind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the boat.
Timothy Sackton: On your boat yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And little pieces of this circle are shooting up into the sky and vanishing and as each word shoots up into the sky, you can feel the wind getting stronger and stronger until.
Timothy Sackton: blowing directly behind you you're probably making four miles an hour through the water entirely from this magical wind that has been summoned.
Timothy Sackton: The first part of the journey is in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: But as the sun begins to rise.
Timothy Sackton: you find yourself passing through a narrow gorge.
Timothy Sackton: Through hills with cliff walls that stretch smooth as if sliced with a massive like thousand foot sword, just like smooth cliffs stretching up 300 feet high.
Timothy Sackton: Almost polished stone.
Timothy Sackton: The canal here is narrow maybe only.
Timothy Sackton: 4050 feet wide definitely not wide enough for more than one ship to transmit a time and in the morning it's all the northbound traffic right um.
Timothy Sackton: This continues for like six miles in.
Timothy Sackton: semi darkness, as the sun has climbed into the sky, but you're in.
Timothy Sackton: Deep shadow at the bottom of this.
Timothy Sackton: This gorge.
Timothy Sackton: Until by nine in the morning, or something like that you emerge, maybe 10.
Timothy Sackton: Nine ish in the morning i'm you emerge from this narrow gorge into a lake.
Timothy Sackton: passing through the sort of edges of the like ends of these cliffs that then open up into a bowl, and this is not this also doesn't look.
Timothy Sackton: Like a natural like it's completely still there is no wind at all, everything is completely sheltered by these high cliffs in the lake itself looks like it's the bottom of a of a smooth bowl.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's almost perfectly it's almost perfect oval shape it's not directly circular it's it's a.
Timothy Sackton: You know, an oblong but.
Timothy Sackton: Much too smooth to be natural and there's there's like docks and there's an anchorage there's a small village here.
Timothy Sackton: But with these.
Timothy Sackton: With the.
Timothy Sackton: shape of the bowl there's again there's no wind and, as you navigate to the dock you can see that the circle of.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever it was the gemstone that was.
Timothy Sackton: around this when color is is now completely gone there's a few little specks left that this person sweeps off and then puts into a pouch for either side bows slightly to the captain and then just turns and needs the ship without a word you never haven't seen their face or.
Timothy Sackton: Really any part of their body.
Timothy Sackton: This entire time.
Timothy Sackton: Working on the on the.
Timothy Sackton: You know up in the rigging sort of working the sales.
Timothy Sackton: You see approaching a second individual.
Timothy Sackton: or possibly the same one it's very hard to tell right because they have again have put that sky blue robes.
Timothy Sackton: This one is you have good enough perception, you probably say this one is a hair taller so probably not the same one unless they put on you know platform boots or something.
Timothy Sackton: And the same thing happens.
Timothy Sackton: This time it's laid out, and you can see there's maybe three ships.
Timothy Sackton: Two ships were anchored when you arrived plus you that are all heading north.
Timothy Sackton: And you see each one.
Timothy Sackton: Has has one of these.
Timothy Sackton: Wind colors on it, but.
Timothy Sackton: The one on your on your ship seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: In control or something, because the other two don't make this circle of stone and and sit down, they just stand in the bowels of their ships, you know with their hands up.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly chanting something you.
Timothy Sackton: can't hear from this distance.
Timothy Sackton: This one before he sits down, you can see, takes this.
Timothy Sackton: dust of some kind, or they.
Timothy Sackton: She you don't really know dust of some kind of out of their pouch.
Timothy Sackton: hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Can you hear me.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yeah.
Timothy Sackton: know why I can't hear you.
Timothy Sackton: There we go um.
Kate: we're all in a magic mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, why.
Timothy Sackton: So they take this they take those dust out.
Timothy Sackton: Like lick some almost tasting it and then you know hold up their fingers and our kind of judging something and then begin to.
Timothy Sackton: You know you make a circle like this and you can see, the one time you catch a glimpse of their face i'm just their eyes is when they look up at the sky sort of holding their hands up to try and judge the wind and they their eyes are completely like.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Like the iris and it's not like there's an iris and people write their entire is just this light sky blue color.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bremen.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then they they make the circle again and they sit down in the beginning to chant and again the little bits of this dust begin to float up into the sky and create the wind and somehow it seems like they are working harder there's more.
Timothy Sackton: The wind is blowing stronger and the other two sky sky blue robed people on the other two ships that are traveling north, at the same time, seem to be somehow helping to gather direct it to the sales of all three ships.
Timothy Sackton: The journey north is past, you know immediately exiting the lake you pass through a.
Timothy Sackton: Second, cut even narrower than the first.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Your ship is a relatively narrow ship.
Timothy Sackton: So you have a fair bit of room on the on both sides of the boat, but one of the.
Timothy Sackton: One of the other ships passing through the one in front of you is a.
Timothy Sackton: Large heavily laden cardone and galleon and it's barely fits right um you know this this ship is like approaching panamax right.
Timothy Sackton: The maximum size of boats that can pass it the canal um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, after it exits the second cut.
Timothy Sackton: You know you pass you start to pass through a bit more of a windy stretch.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like you're you're maybe now following the route of a river or something like that, and you come out on what clearly looks like a natural lake.
Timothy Sackton: And follow them for most of the rest of the day, into the night, the course of.
Timothy Sackton: The course of our river that's been dredged and widen but it's clearly following the course of a river and by the time the sun sets, you can see the.
Timothy Sackton: expanse of the endless sea, on the other side of the canal.
Timothy Sackton: it's full dark and the moon has risen stars are out by the time you pass for varian.
Timothy Sackton: In sort of salt marsh area at the north of the north engines of the canal.
Timothy Sackton: Where the wind colored you Doc again or the wind color departs and then.
Timothy Sackton: Because it is now well past dark.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: Half lanes the captain decides to give the crew a break here because it's been a long day and so i'm.
Timothy Sackton: spend the night.
Timothy Sackton: at anchor to do some maintenance.
Timothy Sackton: The next morning, as you sail out of sight of the fort varian.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of you emerge in the cabin.
Timothy Sackton: baxter.
Timothy Sackton: baxter is still in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: So the rest of you emerge in the cabin.
Timothy Sackton: While he gives you a brief rundown of what he saw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So far, so good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if that thing was cut the canal was cut right through the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't sound like.
Eric Rosenbaum: A natural George.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who could have done that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know that dream Koreans need to come out.
Timothy Sackton: So, you now have another.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Three to three four days selling to chart in depending on the winds.
Timothy Sackton: So if there's any time you're gonna plan your.
Timothy Sackton: journey is your time.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We should check back in with them what's her name.
Mike Sackton: marcella.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah good call.
Kate: You know.
Kate: have at least one of you in my tiny cabin will I speak out loud to.
Kate: Not you.
Kate: Just the same general.
Kate: big question that I.
You know.
Kate: Can phrase, and the brief message.
Timothy Sackton: Is every 24 me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A high roller alone role.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can't control the role, so what difference does it make.
Kate: Who I didn't know whether to celebrate here right, it was.
Eric Rosenbaum: An excellent low raw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we're looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those right.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: you send a message to.
Timothy Sackton: Just your general message to marcella like.
Timothy Sackton: Are you how are you doing.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you traveling alone.
Timothy Sackton: Though the message.
Timothy Sackton: comes back in a fate whisper i'm.
Timothy Sackton: trapped in a cane you've.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: buck.
Timothy Sackton: Can most things i'm cobalts.
Timothy Sackton: But I don't know how long the.
deception.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: said.
Timothy Sackton: 18 words.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: thinks I was captured.
Timothy Sackton: By cobalt.
Kate: We can infer the bike well it's the words.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think she doesn't have that was 25.
Timothy Sackton: So she says my code was but they don't get trance ported by the spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where is she.
Mike Sackton: Probably in the my reading gap.
Mike Sackton: yeah right.
that's.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's where she was going to try to escape so she'll just have to wait them out now presumably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Eventually, abandon her.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike Sackton: One hopes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's been like a week, since you.
Timothy Sackton: Since they were supposed to attack them cobalt you don't know exactly what happened.
But.
Timothy Sackton: Clearly, this has been going on for.
Timothy Sackton: Some amount of time like they didn't attack the cabal yesterday so she's been hiding out for.
Timothy Sackton: For some time.
Kate: Well, sending is the only massively long distance magic I have there's something I can do to influence her fate, unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: On the plus side, this is clearly delayed campus.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah yeah.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I think we've been hoping or assuming that most has no sending like ability.
Timothy Sackton: You have been assuming that even if they do have sending which is not unreasonable that they would have it, because.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gaskin is a wizard.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: At best they would be able to communicate like you know party of adventure that like you couldn't you can't really have a long conversation even over many day is.
Timothy Sackton: Great being able to only exchange 25 to 50 words a day so.
Timothy Sackton: You know news some news of.
Timothy Sackton: Your existence.
Timothy Sackton: may have gotten to chart in via magic but like.
Timothy Sackton: The false it's very hard to see how the full story detailed descriptions anything like that would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like, for example, you could imagine a message would have gone out like you know, keep an eye out for a group of an alpha dwarf an alpha half fling to dwarfs and a human traveling together.
Kate: With the hippogriff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: But like detailed description of exactly who each one of you are plus you know the whole story of what happened, what they suspect, like all of that is.
Timothy Sackton: Too much to have been communicated by just by sending alone.
Timothy Sackton: And that assumes cassie and isn't using a spouse loss for other things which at least some of the days, he must have been given that they've been adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: It feels like this plan to just knock on the front door and trade, the mirror might work.
Eric Rosenbaum: So long as it's done by.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just one of us, or an agent on our behalf.
Kate: Which we've come up with this plan earlier.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that.
Kate: Because, then I could have showed up for the party dwarves and ask for the chalice of the bruin priest, and the eyes and then there are legitimate like trading business in a sort of 12 anyway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Would would it be unusual for you to do that so.
Kate: No, but I don't have the massive amounts of money, the dwarves would have given me to get the chances of room priest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe that unfolds in two steps right there's the negotiation over the price and then there's the exchange.
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we need to try to find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now for these two.
Eric Rosenbaum: very special items if anyone's got them in town and and who.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's The first step is just finding something out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): mean what about reaching out to Poland sayings.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you're coming to town not mentioning us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can she get you a connection to negotiate for those things like.
Kate: yeah can she get a connection to negotiate for dwarf and items that were the library might have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And she set up a me to fallen know that we wanted the eyes last time that we parted ways with her and remember like.
Timothy Sackton: She left before you.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: The template all.
Mike Sackton: That topic.
Kate: That I reconnected with her afterwards I was there.
Timothy Sackton: Right she know that's right you.
Timothy Sackton: see them go in the Tower with.
Timothy Sackton: She waited at Camp and then raise one and.
Timothy Sackton: bullet traveled to toker together.
Timothy Sackton: So she knew about the.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: there's no reason, you would have necessarily told her a ton about the Tower raise what was pretty anti Bola at the time right, you probably just rolled road in silence for days at a time.
Timothy Sackton: So there's no reason I mean she would know you went into the tower and came out live.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As a reason to.
Timothy Sackton: shoot have any idea what you found or.
Kate: Learn under one about.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We also like her whole experience with you at that time was Richmond looking to recovered women artifacts that he said.
yep.
Kate: yeah it's still the same.
Kate: mean assuming that we.
Kate: have three days on the boat.
Kate: When sending could be.
Kate: To vote now that i've used one for.
Kate: Getting late.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, just it's bad some idea of what you're going to do, I put my planets to end the session, when you arrive chairman, but it's very helpful if I have some idea of what we're gonna do.
Timothy Sackton: because China is a very big city.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, a little bit of extended tab to make it up it's.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot of possible things that could happen so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay yeah you have 10s of thousands of npc is to make up TIM.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: kenza wants to establish contact with his guy.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: We want to try and find the walk about the.
Mike Sackton: Right people.
On the side quest but.
Mike Sackton: that's just poking around bookshops.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you had a book, the author of the book.
Mike Sackton: Right, we want to find the author of the book.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: I think, setting up a finding out how to exchange something.
Mike Sackton: It really does feel like it better plan than.
Mike Sackton: Trying to break into their treasure fault.
Kate: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That the eyes are in charge, we don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know.
Eric Rosenbaum: The first thing.
Mike Sackton: And the question is just are we going to try to do the whole thing.
Mike Sackton: With through fronts and deception right like probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, how would you even begin to find out yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a great library of tried and have a reference desk.
Mike Sackton: I mean, could you show up the front.
Mike Sackton: door and just know probably you probably don't want to do that right, but it shouldn't be impossible to find out information about like does the Society for the open scroll over by magic items, they must read.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: dude giants us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like suppose a giant needs to like do some transaction with humans in a city.
Eric Rosenbaum: They have someone who act on their behalf.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm saying that we could pretend to be.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to hire a stone born or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, this has.
Mike Sackton: To be actually working on behalf of.
Mike Sackton: crossgar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just someone who have a legitimate reason to ask about gender and related things.
Mike Sackton: So I guess the question is why these why, why would Why would we want, we need a plausible reason why we would want these particular giant.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: Well yeah.
Mike Sackton: like this particular item right like presumably most people don't just show up at the great library and be like wow I have.
Mike Sackton: You might get some questions about why are we trying to trade for this item, as opposed to money or something else, especially if it becomes clear we don't know what this item does.
Kate: Well, there, the idea of pretending to be just hired by a giant.
Mike Sackton: So I guess the two approaches that we could think are the two ideas for that are to use the volt connection basically.
Mike Sackton: say.
Mike Sackton: To some extent have some set of us, maybe just raise one admit, who we are and be like wow.
Kate: I met this giant and he commissioned me to find design.
Mike Sackton: Basically right.
Kate: I mean just go with honest.
Mike Sackton: or or don't.
Mike Sackton: Use the volt connection but use somewhat of the same story like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know, maybe an APP that was could play giant.
Mike Sackton: giant agent, on behalf of giants I don't know if a dwarf might be more plausible than in health.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): programmers are ticket across the sea of storms like that's a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know if that's compelling but that could be another.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm thinking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: zooming out a little we want to make contact with the society of the open scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could pretend to be allied with them and.
Eric Rosenbaum: get to know them in that way and find out what they haven't done.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or we could try to find some faction, that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: opposed to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: With any sign of any knowing about anything that exists, like that.
Mike Sackton: Well enemies.
Timothy Sackton: So it sort of.
Timothy Sackton: was like kicked out of the society.
Eric Rosenbaum: I forgot about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That might be an interesting entry point to just like learn things about the society is to find.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: There it's gonna be hard to establish an actual plan until we learn more right like at some level to do is.
Mike Sackton: probably get into chart in undercover.
Mike Sackton: yeah and then to some extent.
Mike Sackton: make contact with.
Mike Sackton: At least Kansas people.
Mike Sackton: yeah and maybe some random you know, maybe just randomly rumor gather or whatever ask around right like whatever.
Kate: Maybe know my dwarves for sending me and the guy whose name begins with T that are there some dwarves already like in a big city like Jordan.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah there's yes there's definitely dwarfs there.
Kate: So.
Timothy Sackton: If we're also at some point, expecting.
Timothy Sackton: A message from.
Timothy Sackton: Travel once it gets back to them toner.
Kate: So if I communicate with the dwarves here and the doors back home and say change of change of plan like do we have a you know.
Kate: Just because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Work and wire transfer.
Kate: um.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's conceivably some sort of a system for that right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah certainly urban banks.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you'd have credit basically.
Kate: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's more typically done with like a piece of paper, then a magic spell but.
But.
Mike Sackton: there's at least three like so.
Mike Sackton: raise when, as far as when, as a dwarf legitimately trying to bargain for goods is one approach right right, because I, and whatever kenzo whatever we can learn from this is another some degree deception and just poking around.
Mike Sackton: You know pretend to be.
Mike Sackton: What happened.
Mike Sackton: there's dealt with could take the the persona of the elven scholar collector that he was playing in darby bike shop and jardin you like okay i'm talking to buy stuff go, we have more goods to sell right take this at that same kind of approach just.
Mike Sackton: see if we can find somebody at the somebody who.
Mike Sackton: Wait so.
Mike Sackton: You know, you could imagine dealt with playing somebody is particularly interested giants just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right here's a primary concern is finding a safe house to stash things in so we're not walking around town with the Center.
Mike Sackton: I actually think.
Mike Sackton: To be honest, I think the.
Mike Sackton: portable hole inside a web box, with some.
Mike Sackton: Cover story for why you have a little wet jewelry box in your backpack is honestly safer than stashed some.
Mike Sackton: Right like.
Mike Sackton: Keep it on her person right.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I like that.
Mike Sackton: Inside the lead box protects us from basic detect magic's we only thought of at.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): least one key like Guild or otherwise disguise the lead box it doesn't look like the lead box.
Kate: I can't make it more valuable than 100 gold pieces think gold leaf on some small wouldn't be more valuable than.
Kate: yeah sure i'm not good at craftsman.
Mike Sackton: um and we could then also potentially consider speaking of both depending on what we learn.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate: it's the most believable if i'm doing that work thing right.
Mike Sackton: We can also try and find out if anybody's actually what.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would, we find that out.
Eric Rosenbaum: by hiring a group to pose as us.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there, someone we don't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know who we're happy to have.
Mike Sackton: sort of.
Kate: imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: or they're like bounty hunters.
Timothy Sackton: Probably.
Mike Sackton: Right is there, like Could somebody show up and be like i'm working for you know the open arrest warrant book who who who would I go hunt down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I could see if we're on it yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that's funny.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's there's.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of that would be handled by the.
Timothy Sackton: PR content premise if it's if you have some imperial.
Timothy Sackton: If if the.
Timothy Sackton: Civil bureaucracy or the magistrates want you dead or captured.
Mike Sackton: it's not going to be there's not like.
Timothy Sackton: there's not like a you know, a.
Timothy Sackton: Job board where there's the bounties for everybody, those would be what I mean there might be wanted posters up for somebody who is like.
Timothy Sackton: wanted.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so if you are, you know if there's a bounty on your head there's probably going to be wanted posters and your descriptions all around town.
Timothy Sackton: But there's not like a like a list somewhere in some City Hall of just you're either it's either plastered everywhere, or its secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another lateral idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great library presumably has some kind of org chart in some sense of like the administration components and the factions within it, of which society, the society is one part.
Eric Rosenbaum: We might try to find a adjacent one that interfaces with to get like a legitimate way to communicate with them without revealing too much.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, for example, is there.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: archival team that might store artifacts or an archaeological team that assesses them.
Eric Rosenbaum: or supply team that would help furnish them with the stuff they need when they go out cross country.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who do they report to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, who is working.
Timothy Sackton: I think I mean that's a I have a I have a sense of what you're trying to anyway.
Timothy Sackton: I think I know what parts of the city I smell.
Timothy Sackton: And it we're we're not playing again for like a month, so.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You know you're probably going to make up entirely new plans next session.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: What general idea is good um.
Timothy Sackton: So after another, like four ish days of selling.
Timothy Sackton: You come to the.
Timothy Sackton: To the the title river that that flows path chart and then you can see, even from the coast.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the.
Timothy Sackton: Just just in bulk of this extinct possibly any way extinct volcano that.
Timothy Sackton: That sits on the North bank of the River looming over the city of charleston.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The title flow here the title estuary is very is like marshy and.
Timothy Sackton: unsettled.
Timothy Sackton: But even as you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: sail up river with the incoming tide, you can see, you know every now and then a.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's.
Timothy Sackton: Traffic coming back and forth right like, of course, with the tide going in there's very little there's not big sailing ships sailing out, but like little river boats.
Timothy Sackton: You know, fishermen going out there's.
Timothy Sackton: Just a lot of people here right, this is a.
Timothy Sackton: Relatively densely settled part of the world on the the north bank of the River here past the marshes you know selling past farmlands vineyards.
Timothy Sackton: olive groves.
Timothy Sackton: And it's a decent you know it's half a day ish traveling up up river with tied.
Timothy Sackton: To before you see the bulk of the city of charleston itself the.
Timothy Sackton: wall stretching for miles, the large naval force base ship your shipyard something and closed.
Timothy Sackton: Within its own walls.
Timothy Sackton: at the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: sort of entrance to the city.
Timothy Sackton: The great bridge that the that Danny described a.
Timothy Sackton: wide enough for for carts to travel a brass.
Timothy Sackton: made of.
Timothy Sackton: Black stone.
Timothy Sackton: Possibly volcanic and you can see a ship is ahead of you and the large part of the bridge just lifts up let it pass there's a brief warning, so that people get get off the.
Timothy Sackton: The seams but it doesn't even you know people crossing the bridge barely even stop they just hold on to the sides as as they're carried up into the sky, the ship South path, and then it lowers slowly down clicking into place and everybody resumes their journey.
Timothy Sackton: back and forth across the river.
Timothy Sackton: And as you pass under this bridge now your turn, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: On your left on the North bank of the River the slums and the.
Timothy Sackton: The greenish water.
Timothy Sackton: That flows, the outflow of these.
Timothy Sackton: Mines it's a clear day the wind is.
Timothy Sackton: The wind is blowing.
Mike Sackton: on shore and there's not.
Timothy Sackton: A lot of smoke building up, but you do occasionally catch this they sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Almost acidic wish on the air.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: As you pull into the docks disembark saying goodbye to the.
Timothy Sackton: crew and captain of the Emerald song.
Timothy Sackton: Seeing JASMINE and.
Timothy Sackton: as well.
Timothy Sackton: As they.
Timothy Sackton: Not planning on spending any time in the city itself there.
Timothy Sackton: decided to head north.
Timothy Sackton: see what.
Timothy Sackton: see what where the road takes them.
Timothy Sackton: We will stop there, as you are docks in this bustling port.
Timothy Sackton: And can make your plans for.
Timothy Sackton: getting off the ship and getting into the city next time Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's.
Mike Sackton: Good.